Zhang Guangjun was appointed Vice Governor of Guangdong Province .
The fifth meeting of the Standing Committee of the Thirteen People &apos;s Congress of Guangdong Province held its second plenary meeting in Guangzhou on the 30th .
The meeting decided , by a vote , to appoint Zhang Guangjun as Vice @-@ Governor of the Guangdong Provincial People &apos;s Government .
Previously , Zhang Guangjun served as Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of the China Engineering and Physics Institute .
Curricula vitae of Comrade Zhang Guangjun : Zhang Guangjun , male , Han ethnic group , born in February 1968 , Chongqing , joined the Party in April 1994 , participated in work in July 1991 , graduated from the Faculty of Radio Engineering of Harbin Industrial University in the field of electronics and surveying technology , college degrees , senior engineers , experts in special government allowances under the State Council .
He is currently Vice Governor and Member of the Party Group of Guangdong Provincial Government .
1987 @-@ 1991 Specialization in Electronics and Surveying Technology , Department of Radio Engineering , Harbin Industrial University
1991 @-@ 1998 Technician , Deputy Director , Party Branch Secretary and Deputy Director , General Engineering Institute , China Engineering and Physics Institute
1998 @-@ 2002 Deputy Director and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee , General Engineering Research Institute , China Institute of Engineering and Physics ( during which : 1999.05 @-@ 2000.12 also served as Secretary of the Institute &apos;s Discipline Inspection Committee , 2001.09 @-@ 2001.12 cadres at the local department level , Party School , Sichuan Province Committee )
2002 @-@ 2002 Party Secretary and Deputy Director , General Engineering Institute , China Institute of Engineering and Physics ( during which : 2002.03 @-@ 2004.05 Postgraduate studies in management sciences and engineering , Fudan University School of Management )
2002 @-@ 2009 Director of Political Affairs , Director of the Office of the Party Committee , Vice @-@ President of the Party School , China Engineering and Physics Institute ( between : 2005.09 and 2006.01 )
2009 @-@ 2014 Director , Office of Major Special Management , China Institute of Engineering and Physics ( between : 2011.09 and 2012.01 )
2014 @-@ 2015 Assistant Director , Office of Major Engineering Management , China Institute of Engineering and Physics
2015 @-@ 2018 Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee , China Institute of Engineering and Physics
Vice Governor and Member of Party Group , Guangdong Provincial Government , September 2018
According to the British media , Lieutenant General William Moran , Vice Navy Operations Secretary of the United States , said that even as the United States Navy is revitalizing its forces to deal with an increasingly worrisome Russia on both sides of the Atlantic , the United States continues to focus its navy on the Asia @-@ Pacific region -- the Pentagon extends the region to include the Indian Ocean @ -@ Asia @ -@ -Pacific .
According to a September 24 report from the United Kingdom &apos;s Jane &apos;s Defense Weekly website , the United States listed China and Russia as strategic competitors in a new defense strategy released earlier this year .
Since then , the United States Navy has resumed its Second Fleet in order to confront Russia &apos;s activities more directly .
he report said that these moves raised some questions and concerns among allies and analysts , who feared that the US Navy might distance itself from the Asia @-@ Pacific rebalancing strategy that marked the Obama administration .
But Admiral Moran said that the US Navy &apos;s focus remained on the Western Pacific .
At the round @-@ table discussion entitled &quot; Responding to the challenges of the high seas , &quot; hosted by the National Asian Research Agency of the United States in Washington , D.C. , on 24 January 2018 , he said that there had been no major changes for us .
Moran said : The emphasis is still on rebalancing , shifting the center of gravity , or whatever you want to describe it .
He acknowledged , however , that the United States was closely linked to Europe .
He said , &quot; We will continue to focus on growth on the West Coast and balance what we can do . &quot;
Though Moran points out that overall policy toward Russia falls within the purview of the US Secretary of Defense , he warns that Russians may face demographic and economic challenges , but history has shown that if we clash with them , they will be hard @-@ line .
Admiral Moran said that as part of America &apos;s renewed campaign against Russia , China , and other competitors , the US Navy is dynamically deploying its troops into a new mode of combat , which will help the adversaries to be unprepared about where the US aircraft carrier battle groups or other assets will be deployed at any particular time and location .
He said : &quot; We navy and marines support it -- the concept of unpredictability of combat , do not appear in the same place time and again , almost like issuing banners -- this is our approach . &quot;
According to the report , the first attempt to try this new approach was made by the aircraft carrier battle group , the early deployment of which included working visits to ports and patrolling areas that normally pass only .
Moran said that the US Navy is currently working to ensure that allies know that these warships will continue to patrol traditional areas , and is also addressing logistical and family liaison issues for the new deployment process .
Lieutenant General Michael Nunnan , the Commander of the Royal Australian Navy , also spoke at the event , saying that the Australian army could cooperate seamlessly with the United States aircraft carrier battle group .
He said that the situation would continue as the Royal Australian Navy planned to purchase an additional nine frigates equipped with combat systems .
Starting from October 5 , many airlines have increased or resumed the fuel surcharge . Additional money will be needed next Friday for the aircraft to travel
Yesterday , Xiangpeng Airlines , Okay Airlines and other airlines announced to the public that , starting from October 5 , 2018 ( the date of ticketing ) , the fuel surcharge for domestic airlines will be 20 Yuan per passenger for less than 800 kilometers , and 30 Yuan per passenger for more than 800 kilometers .
Xiangpeng Airlines , Okay Airlines and others announced that , starting at zero on October 5 , 2018 ( date of ticketing ) , the standard for charging fuel surcharges for domestic routes below 800 kilometers ( including ) increased from 10 yuan per person to 20 yuan per person , and the standard for charging fuel surcharges for domestic routes above 800 kilometers increased from 10 yuan per passenger per person to 30 yuan per person .
Children , military and police have a disability of 10 yuan per person ; babies continue to be exempted .
ccording to the person responsible for the travel ticket , the airline has already indicated in the notification that the fuel surcharge will be collected on the basis of the date of the original ticket issuance and that the fuel surcharge will not be refunded when the passenger ticket is exchanged .
This means that domestic airline passenger tickets issued before 5 October do not have to pay the fuel surcharge according to the new standard if they are to be changed to or including 5 October .
Since June 5 , 2018 , many airlines including China National , China Eastern , China Sea , Shanghai Aviation , Chunqiu Aviation , Shenzhen Aviation , West Aviation , and Okay Airways have resumed collecting surcharges for fuel from domestic airlines that have been cancelled for three years , at a standard rate of 10 yuan per person .
This time , Xiangpeng Airlines and Okay Airlines took the lead in announcing an increase in the fuel surcharge . As of the time the reporter issued his report , he had not seen any news of the four major airlines in China announcing a follow @-@ up adjustment .
It is also known that the Hong Kong Civil Aviation Authority provides that airlines may decide whether to charge fuel surcharges at their own discretion from November .
At the earliest , on 27 September , it was announced that the fuel surcharge would begin on 2 November .
According to the China @-@ Thailand aviation website , airfares issued or reissued by all China @-@ Thailand and China @-@ Thailand Harlong on or after 2 November will include fuel surcharges for long @-@ distance flights to and from Hong Kong and the south @-@ west Pacific , North America , Europe , the Middle East and India , and Africa , at a fuel surcharge of 652 yuan , and 146 yuan for short @-@ distance flights .
Costs apply to all ticket types , calculated on the basis of each flight segment , and include quotations for airfares from all direct sales channels in Kuwait and Thailand .
On the eve of the sixty @-@ ninth anniversary of the founding of the People &apos;s Republic of China , the Premier of the State Council of China , Li Keqiang , met in the Great Hall of the People &apos;s Assembly on the afternoon of the 30th with the new ambassadors of 29 countries and regions to China .
Li Keqiang talked with all the ambassadors accredited to China , shaking hands one by one .
Li Keqiang welcomed the envoys to China and asked them to convey their sincere greetings and best wishes to the leaders and peoples of the countries concerned and to the leaders of the institutions concerned .
Li Keqiang positively assessed China &apos;s good relations with various countries and regions . He stressed China &apos;s commitment to enhancing bilateral political trust , deepening practical cooperation , and strengthening coordination and cooperation in international and regional affairs . He hoped that the fans would walk more and see more and make a new positive contribution to the development of China &apos;s relations with their respective countries and regions in new positions .
The Chinese Government stands ready to facilitate and support them in the performance of their duties .
Li Keqiang pointed out that China is persisting on the path of peaceful development and is firmly committed to economic globalization .
This year marks the fortieth anniversary of China &apos;s reform and opening up . As the world &apos;s largest developing country , we are ready to work with all countries in further expanding the opening up .
In the context of the rise of protectionism and unilateralism , we stand ready to continue to work with all parties to consolidate and strengthen partnerships based on the principles of mutual respect , equality and mutual benefit , to promote docking development strategies , to promote cooperation on the one side and on the other , to work together to defend multilateralism and free trade , to build an open world economy and to give new impetus to the stable and balanced development of the world economy .
All countries and institutions in China warmly congratulated the People &apos;s Republic of China on its sixty @-@ ninth anniversary , conveyed the greetings of the leaders of their respective countries and institutions to the leaders and people of China , and expressed their strong development achievements and their conviction that further deepening reform and opening @-@ up in the future would bring more development opportunities to the world .
We are willing to play a positive role in promoting friendly cooperation between our respective countries and regions and China in order to better realize mutual benefits and win @-@ win results .
Subsequently , at the invitation of Li Keqiang , national envoys and agencies to China attended the National Day reception .
State Councillor and Minister for Foreign Affairs Wang Yi attended the event .
On Friday , Ifuju Tizhong , Japan , recognized a $ 1.3 billion impairment loss on investment in China &apos;s CITIC shares , writing down its largest business investment transaction due to trade tensions between China and the United States .
In May 2016 , in Tokyo , Japan , a man walked through Myitsu Hong Kong &apos;s headquarters .
hong said that the US grain sector under the banner of the trade war , Gao Hong , had suspended financial transactions in agriculture .
Earlier , some Japanese heavy equipment manufacturers , telecom companies and others had warned of the impact of trade friction between China and the United States when they released the latest performance . Now , these Japanese trading houses have joined the ranks .
The US and China are imposing tariffs on hundreds of billions of dollars of each other &apos;s goods , and US President Donald Trump has threatened to extend the tax to more than $ 500 billion of Chinese goods lost to the US if the dispute is not resolved .
According to Tsuyoshi Hachimura , the commercial treasurer of Ifuju , next year &apos;s trade dispute is likely to have a greater impact on the Chinese economy .
Ito Tzhong Commercial and Thai Bbee Group invested $ 10 billion in China in 2015 , gaining a 20 % stake in it .
Hachimura states that Ifuju Tizhong Commercial lost 143.3 billion yen ( USD 1.3 billion ) on this portion of the shares because it believed that the Chinese stock price would not rebound in the near future .
Ivoru Tzhong &apos;s profit forecast for the fiscal year ending 31 March 2019 is 500 billion yen .
China imposed a 25 % import tariff on US soybeans in July to counter Washington &apos;s trade friction .
Our grain business has been hit by trade frictions between the United States and China , said Yanhiro , the head of the financial department .
He indicated that Gao Hongong had stopped financial transactions in his own account since September .
hong spokesman Pat Burke pointed out in a statement on Friday that the company &apos;s move was in line with internal policy constraints and due to lack of market opportunities .
He also stated that the suspension of financial transactions would not lead to job losses .
Pill Red maintains an annual profit forecast of 230 billion yen , supported by pulp and paper production and power generation .
On Thursday , Sumitomo commercial announced a 16 % increase in profits between April and September , emphasizing that the trade issue between the United States and China has left the future uncertain .
Mitsubishi Commercial Friday raised the annual profit forecast to record levels due to increased coke production and higher prices for commodities such as oil and coal .
Mitsubishi also announced a new business plan to increase its profit for the fiscal year ending 31 March 2022 from the estimated 640 billion yen this year to 900 billion yen ( $ 7.98 billion ) .
Chinanews.com , November 5 - According to a comprehensive report , the United States mid @-@ term election vote is in countdown .
On November 4 , President Donald Trump and his Democratic rivals responded positively to their core constituencies .
Both parties point out that voter turnout will be the key to shaping the election .
Reportedly , 48 hours before the vote in the United States , Trump was busy attending the Republican candidates , while former President Barack Obama went to Indiana to stand for the anxious Democratic Federal Senate candidate Joe Donnelly and shouted the final appeal to the public before the election .
On November 4 , Trump went to Mego , Georgia , to stand for Republican Governor Brian Kempp , saying that on Tuesday you had to go to the polls and you had to vote .
The comparison between the elections is unlikely to be clearer .
Political enthusiasm among voters rose to a rare peak , with some states voting ahead of schedule .
Successive US presidents face the first midterm election , and the number of MPs in his party tends to decline .
According to a new poll published by the Washington Post and ABC News on the 4th , while the Democratic Party &apos;s election campaign for the Federal House of Representatives remains preponderant , Republicans could benefit from economic assessments and Trump &apos;s strong focus on border security .
Polls indicate that registered voters like more Democratic House candidates than Republicans , with a ratio of 50 % to 43 % , but down 14 percentage points from August .
Another poll by the American National Broadcasting Corporation ( NBC ) and the Wall Street Journal also shows that Democrats are still seven percentage points ahead of Republicans .
According to reports , Obama said to the public on the occasion of Senator Donnoli &apos;s rise that when people do not speak the truth , when words no longer represent anything , that will inevitably have negative consequences .
Democracy will not work when people lie only in their own right .
The only way to stop these Republicans &quot; behavior now is by yourself and your vote .
Democrats face the most difficult election in decades in the Senate , with the Republicans now holding more than half of the 51 seats .
But the House election is favorable , and the Democrats need an additional 23 seats to control the 435 @-@ seat House .
Analysts predicting the election website FiveThirtyEight.com estimate that the Democratic Party &apos;s chances of winning the House of Representatives are as high as 85 % .
The CPPCC convened General Secretary Xi Jinping &apos;s Thought Theory Seminar on Strengthening and Improving the Work of the CPPCC , Wang Yang , to attend and address it .
The National People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference held a theoretical seminar on key ideas for General Secretary Xi Jinping on strengthening and improving the work of the People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference in Beijing from 29 to 30 June .
Wang Yang , a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and Chairman of the National People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference , attended the meeting and made a statement .
He stressed that General Secretary Xi Jinping &apos;s important thoughts on strengthening and improving the work of the People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) deeply spelled out the role of the CPPCC , its objectives , its mandate and practical requirements , and that science had answered a series of major questions of a directional , overarching and strategic nature , which were a powerful intellectual weapon guiding the work of the CPPCC in the new era .
We should earnestly learn to implement this important idea , grasp its significance , rich content and spiritual substance , and make practical efforts to understand and understand it , and promote the quality of the work of the CPPCC with theoretical learning and ideological weaponry , and effectively assume the new mission of the CPPCC of the new era .
From 29 to 30 September , the CPPCC convened in Beijing a theoretical seminar on key ideas for strengthening and improving the work of the CPPCC .
Wang Yang pointed out that since the 18th Party Congress , General Secretary Xi Jinping has put forward a series of new ideas and new ideas on strengthening and improving the work of the CPPCC . For the first time , he has put forward the CPPCC as an important channel for socialist consultation and democracy and as a special consultative body . It is an important component of the country &apos;s governance system . It is an institutional arrangement with Chinese characteristics . It is the first time it clarifies the characteristics and strengths of the new party system , emphasizing the relationship between consistency and diversity . It has deeply revealed that the true meaning of the people &apos;s democracy lies in the fact that things are well discussed and people &apos;s affairs are being discussed by the people . It has revealed the logical link between the management of China and the Chinese political system . It has coalesced in the thoughtful thinking of maintaining and developing the CPPCC system . It is the latest result of the party &apos;s theory
Wang Yang stressed that the CPPCC at all levels should take the opportunity of theoretical studies and discussions to further identify weaknesses and shortcomings in the work of the CPPCC , and work hard and seek breakthroughs in strengthening and improving it .
We should fully strengthen the construction of the CPPCC system and ensure that the decision @-@ making and deployment of the Party Central Committee is fully implemented into the work of the CPPCC .
We need to strengthen ideological and political leadership , improve the system , procedures and mechanisms for making proposals for governance and building consensus in both directions , and translate ideological and political leadership into all aspects and processes of carrying out our duties .
We should focus on the performance of duties and responsibilities of the center , better obedience to the Party of Service and the National Bureau , improve the quality of advice and management , and enhance the effectiveness of performing duties .
We should strengthen the construction of the CPPCC itself , take care of the education and training of members and cadres , play the basic role of the Committee of Experts , and strengthen the foundation for the functioning of the CPPCC .
We need to strengthen the direction of the work of the CPPCC and raise the overall level of the work of the CPPCC by setting the direction , setting the example and solving the difficulties .
In order to further study the implementation of the Chinese socialist ideology of the new era of Xi Jinping and the spirit of the 19th National People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference , the system of the National People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference began implementing the important thought @-@ learning and discussion activities of General Secretary Xi Jinping on strengthening and improving the work of the People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference in May , convening eight regional symposiums and seven symposiums of experts and scholars , and identifying 18 key topics and six basic theoretical topics , a total of 793,800 CPC members and 279,000 institutional cadres at all levels participated in the study and discussion sessions , resulting in more than 36,000 research papers .
People &apos;s Net , Beijing , November 5 ( Wang Xiaoyun ) Under the current wave of popular entrepreneurship and mass innovation , a growing number of technology companies have begun to focus on patent research and development and related protection work , deepening the potential value of patents and gaining market dominance .
Likewise , many tech firms have experienced massive abuses in terms of patent technology authorizations , patent technology use , and so on .
At the end of 2017 , Tan Wei , He Zhang Honghong and Lai Bin from Guangdong province applied to the Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court to drop out the developer of APP , Beijing Xiaohu Tech Co . Ltd . ( hereinafter referred to as Xiaohu Tech ) , the operator , and the seller , Guangdong Pacific Internet Information Services Ltd . ( hereinafter referred to as Guangdong Pacific Ocean ) , for patent infringement .
The plaintiff requested the court to order that the defendant immediately cease manufacturing , selling , promising to sell , and using the plaintiff &apos;s patent .
On October 30 , 2018 , the Chinese Judicial Clerk Network published a first instance civil ruling on the dispute over patent rights for inventions with Tan Wei , He Chang @-@ hong , and others , including Beijing Xiaohu Technology Co . , Ltd . , disclosing details of some of the cases in which the drop @-@ out APP had been charged with patent violations .
The three plaintiffs considered that the patent owners and inventors patented by the mobile terminal &apos;s car @-@ sharing service system and method , and that the entire process of operation of the ram car application in the draught @-@ out APP corresponded to the technical solution of the patent protection involved , constituted patent infringement .
However , during the court ruling , Xiaohu Tech believed that the Pacific Ocean in Guangdong was not a suitable defendant , that it only provided free downloads on the Internet of the APP drops involved in the case , that it did not implement the patent method involved , that there was no direct or indirect violation and that it should not be classified as the defendant in the case .
Secondly , the place of violation in the present case is not Guangdong .
Pursuant to the law , the place of infringement of the patent in question should be the place where the patent method in question was implemented in its entirety , and therefore the jurisdiction of the court was challenged and the case was referred to the court in the defendant &apos;s place of residence , the Beijing Intellectual Property Court .
The Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court held that the defendant Guangdong Pacific provided the alleged tort drop @-@ out APP product on its Internet platform and that it was not inappropriate for the plaintiff to list the defendant Guangdong Pacific as the defendant .
And the defendant &apos;s Pacific residence in Guangdong is in Guangzhou City and is under the jurisdiction of the Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court .
The defendant , Xiaohu Tech , claimed that the case should be referred to the Beijing Intellectual Property Court for consideration . On insufficient grounds , the defendant , Xiaohu Tech Ltd. , rejected his challenge to the jurisdiction of the case and assumed the costs of handling the challenge .
Other hearings of the case have not yet been made public , and journalists will follow closely the follow @-@ up details of the case of trickle @-@ down patent abuse .
Interview with the Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Federal Organization for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIRO ) : Australian @-@ Chinese cooperation in science and technology has yielded significant results
China &apos;s science and technology have grown rapidly over the past few decades , and Australia and China can achieve fruitful results by working together in science .
Larry Marshall , Chief Executive Officer of the Australian Federal Scientific and Industrial Research Organization , said in an interview with China News Agency reporters in Beijing a few days ago that cooperation between Australia and China in the field of science and technology , from the fight against climate change to the Sino @-@ Pacific Project , is showing momentum .
As Australia &apos;s largest national scientific institution , CSIRO produces many innovative , world @-@ renowned research findings in the oceans , energy , biology , materials , astronomy , and so forth .
CSIRO has maintained close cooperation with scientific institutions such as the Chinese Academy of Sciences .
It is a long @-@ lasting friendship that embodies a tradition of trust in partners and long @-@ standing cooperation , as Marshall put it .
In May of this year , China &apos;s 500 @-@ meter @-@ calibre spherical radio telescope , Indo @-@ China , installed the first international 19 @-@ beam L @-@ band receiver .
This currently state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art 19 @-@ beam feeder receiver in the world has been jointly developed by Chinese and Australian scientists .
Marshall said that the successful development of the receiver was based on the accumulated technology of CSIRO for many years , and that the FAST cruise speed would increase by a factor of 5 to 6 after commissioning , while at the same time expanding more scientific observation targets .
This is the strength of CSIRO &apos;s contribution to FAST .
In addition to this cooperation , CSIRO works closely with Chinese research institutions on the construction of square kilometre array radio telescopes , the development of new fuel technologies , and energy conservation and emission reduction .
Previous scientific research has tended to focus on the problems of hundreds of years later , and more research is needed now to address the problems at hand .
Marshall argues that Australia and China are complementary in the field of scientific development , and that both countries face a range of challenges in their development .
For example , extreme weather events are frequent globally , drought and floods have led to reduced food production , and food shortages have severely affected human development .
At the same time , the problems of population explosion , ageing and chronic diseases are serious challenges .
The cooperation between Australia and China in recent years has focused primarily on solving these immediate problems .
Marshall said that the International Centre for the Study of the Southern Hemisphere Ocean , established by CSIRO in cooperation with the National Laboratory for Marine Science and Technology in Qingdao , focused on observing the El Niño and La Niña phenomena , studying their relationship to extreme weather and establishing early warning facilities for extreme weather ; new cereal varieties developed by CSIRO in cooperation with the Chinese Academy of Sciences to overcome extreme weather could also alleviate the food shortage caused by extreme weather .
Given the current environment , where science , technology and innovation are difficult to accomplish on their own , require extremely high costs , and there are many problems to be solved , cooperation is particularly important today .
Marshall said that the closer the cooperation , the more likely it will be to make breakthrough progress , which is also the meaning of enhanced cooperation between Australia and China under the framework of the &quot; one belt , one road . &quot;
Increased bilateral cooperation is , for us , mainly in the field of science and technology .
Marshall , for example , recently developed a cyanide @-@ free gold purification method in CSIRO , in which many countries want to find a way to purify gold that is less polluting .
We are very willing to introduce this technology into China , which is one of the results of our cooperation in the region .
On the 29th , the 2018 Book Silk Road Tourism Propaganda and Project Cooperation Meeting was held in Urumqi , Xinjiang . While appreciating the results of Book Development , the guests at the meeting can also enjoy local beautiful food and feel the local history and culture of heavy importance .
In the first month before the event , the chicken launched a series of high @-@ density and wide @-@ scale tourism promotion activities in eight cities along the Silk Road including Tianshui , Pingzhou , Lanzhou , Yinchuan , Guanyuan , Xining , Zhang and Hami , laying a good foundation for the success of the 2018 Bicken Silk Road tourism promotion and project cooperation meeting .
Hui Jin @-@ jin , Mayor of Baochen City , Shaanxi Province , explained that Baochen has a long history and culture and a strong industrial base , and is the second largest city in Shaanxi Province and a major nodal city along the Baooli Initiative , the sub @-@ center city of the Guanzhen Economic Zone and the urban agglomerations of the Guanzhong plains .
In recent years , BMW has continuously upgraded five major functions of industrial clusters , logistics hubs , integrated services , open highlands , and human cohesion to accelerate catch @-@ up and quality development .
At the meeting , the Book City Tourism Development Committee and the Urumqi Tourist Board signed a cooperation agreement on tourism strategies between the two regions .
At the same time , several travel agencies in Xinjiang signed tourism cooperation agreements with the great waterfront tourist attraction area of the Baochen , the cultural attraction area of the Farmen Monastery , the tourist attraction area of Taipei Mountain and the attraction area of the Guanshan grassland .
Chen Hongqiang , Chief of the Market Promotion Section of the Baochen City Development Committee , said : &quot; Mao Jianjiang , the United States , has some tourism resources complementary to the baby chickens . We walk all the way to introduce tourism to Xinjiang , mainly introducing human chickens , beautiful chickens , natural beauty , etc . , and select more than 500 photos to give guests and businessmen a sense of the beautiful beauty of the baby chickens . &quot;
The event focused on tourism resources , tourism projects and tourism routes . Through the broadcast of tourism promotional films , the promotion of cultural tourism resources and projects , the organization of tourism photographic exhibitions , the production of promotional exhibitions , the distribution of promotional materials and the exchange of cooperation in tourism , among other forms , it comprehensively promoted the overall image of chicken tourism , the high @-@ quality tourism products and the sperm tourism industry project , the consolidation of the Xinjiang guest source market , the full loudly viewing of Chinese brands , the promotion of the influence and visibility of the chicken market in the north @-@ west region , and the attraction of more visitors from Xinjiang to the chicken tourism experience .
Feng Xu , deputy director of the Baochen City Recruitment and Commerce Bureau , said that during this event , all departments of Baochen City at all levels , counties and development districts actively engaged in cross @-@ talk and coordinated the implementation of a large number of good projects and large projects .
To date , 41 projects with a total value of 26,043 million yuan have been implemented .
In recent years , chickens have continued to upgrade five major functions of industrial clusters , logistics hubs , integrated services , open highlands , and human cohesion around the goal of building internationalized cities along the &quot; one belt , one road &quot; initiative , equipping manufacturing cities , historic and cultural cities , and beautiful and happy cities for liveable industries to accelerate catch @-@ up and high @-@ quality development .
In 2017 , regional GDP reached 218 billion yuan , an increase of 8.7 per cent .
He has won more than 20 national honours , including the National Wenming City , the National Ecological Park City and the China Habitat Environment Award .
Yan Nemin , a member of the Standing Committee of Urumqi Municipal Committee and deputy mayor , introduced that Urumqi , as a major town on the Silk Road with a new northern route , has a special geographical location advantage . From ancient times , it has been connecting the north and south of Tianshan Shandong , communicating between Xinjiang and the mainland , and connecting China to Central Asia , West Asia and Europe in important corridors . It is an important window for China to open up to the west and exchange economic and cultural exchange abroad , and has a good investment environment .
The event focused on equipment manufacturing , logistics and commerce , and the tourism industry . With the sincerity of conspiracy to develop opportunities and work together , it gave a great deal of credit in Urumqi .
At the plea , local customers in Xinjiang signed six projects with the counties and districts of the baby chickens , involving a value of RMB 3.25 billion .
On the same day , representatives of the Kyrgyz visa office in Urumqi , the Russian New Zealand Law Company Limited , the Tajik Chamber of Commerce and Industry representative in Urumqi , the Russian Tatarstan Chamber of Commerce representative and other foreign guests attended the plea .
The offices of the Urumqi City Merchants Bureau , the Commerce Bureau , the Agricultural and Pastoral Affairs Bureau , the Tourism Bureau and some 500 people from enterprises and the media participated in the plea .
Northeast revitalization is about the overall state of national development .
Northeast industrial enterprises are bigger and better @-@ based . For Northeast Asia , catching innovation means catching development , and seeking innovation means seeking the future .
Can the vitality of the old industrial base be rekindled and released to the heart of the General Secretary ?
North Korean Foreign Minister Lee Yung Hao told the United Nations on Saturday that the continued imposition of sanctions is deepening North Korea &apos;s mistrust of the United States , and North Korea cannot unilaterally give up its nuclear weapons under such circumstances .
At the United Nations General Assembly , Lee Yong Hao said that North Korea had taken a very friendly approach over the past year , including halting its missile and nuclear tests , dismantling its nuclear test sites and committing itself to the non @-@ proliferation of nuclear weapons and technology .
However , we did not see any corresponding response from the United States , which he said .
If we do not trust the United States , we will not have confidence in our national security , and under such circumstances we cannot give up our weapons unilaterally .
Although Lee Yong Hao repeats North Korea &apos;s complaint that the US is opposed to a phased denuclearization , his speech is significant , because he did not reject unilateral denuclearization at all , as North Korea did before .
Lee Yong @-@ hao referred to the June 12 joint statement between Kim Jong @-@ un and Trump , when Kim agreed to move toward denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , and Trump promised to protect North Korea &apos;s security .
North Korea has been seeking to officially end the 1950 @ -53 Korean War , but the US says that North Korea must give up its nuclear weapons first .
The US has also refused to relax its demands for international sanctions against North Korea .
The United States insisted on first denuclearizing it ; and increased the pressure on sanctions to achieve their objectives under high pressure , and even refused to issue a declaration on the end of the war ; Li Yonghao called it .
The idea that sanctions will allow us to kneel and seek relief is that we do not know that our people are dreaming of the day .
The problem , however , is that such continued sanctions are deepening our mistrust .
Li Yonghao did not mention the second special gold conference program that the US president mentioned earlier this week at the United Nations .
Instead , he highlighted three meetings between Kim Jong @-@ un and South Korean President Moon Moon over the past five months , saying that denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula would not become so deadlocked if the other side of denuclearization was South Korea , not North Korea .
China announced a reduction in import tariffs for 1,585 tax items , effective 1 November 2018 .
Since this year , China has taken a series of initiatives to reduce import tariffs .
An across @-@ the @-@ board tax cut on medicines on May 1 this year adjusted import tariffs to zero for a total of 28 tax items , including anti @-@ cancer drugs and anticancer @-@ resistant alkaloids , Chinese medicines with actual imports , etc .
At the same time , the value @-@ added tax on anti @-@ cancer drug production and import links has been reduced considerably .
Tax reductions were made on vehicles and spare parts for 218 tax purposes on 1 July .
After the tax cuts , the entire car rate in China has been lower than the average in developing countries , in line with the reality of the Chinese automotive industry .
This tax cut will promote industrial restructuring and the optimal allocation of resources , accelerate the improvement of quality and sustenance , help improve the quality of products and services , and hopefully drive some adjustment in automobile prices to make them more affordable to consumers .
Tax reductions on consumer goods were made on 1 July for 1,449 tax items .
Cuts in taxes on consumer goods are inextricably linked to people &apos;s needs for a better life .
This time , tax cuts were not only numerous but also substantial , averaging 56 per cent .
Cuts in taxes on consumer goods were used to benefit consumers directly and to promote competitiveness in domestic industries .
A tax reduction will be implemented on industrial goods such as electromechanical equipment , spare parts and raw materials for 1,585 tax items on 1 November .
An appropriate reduction in import tariffs for some of the country &apos;s much @-@ needed industrial goods could attract more foreign investment , help to increase effective domestic supply and boost industrial upgrading , while helping enterprises allocate resources globally , reduce production costs and reduce pressures on domestic environmental carrying .
The relevant head of the Office of the State Council &apos;s Customs and Excise Commission said that the above @-@ mentioned four autonomous tax reductions , as well as the third @-@ step tax cuts implemented on 1 July of this year as a result of the negotiations on the expansion of the scope of the information technology agreement , would reduce China &apos;s total tariff level from 9.8 per cent in the previous year to 7.5 per cent .
The total level of adjusted tariffs is slightly higher than in the European Union , below most developing countries , and is moderately low , broadly matching China &apos;s developing country status and stage of development .
The person in charge said that the overall level of tariffs , as one of the important indicators of China &apos;s openness in the area of trade in goods , should correspond to the stage of China &apos;s economic development and reflect the characteristics of the times .
China &apos;s trade in goods was the largest in the world and already had an economic base for further expansion of openness , but the quality and effectiveness of trade development differed from that of developed economies , and the overall level of tariffs should therefore be reduced appropriately .
Tariffs are a means of protection against compliance , the level of which should be commensurate with industrial competitiveness , encourage benign competition , and overprotect against industrial development and improve quality .
Tariff rate adjustments need to balance production and consumption needs .
Focusing on lowering the commodity tax rate , which is high in domestic demand and contributes to the upgrading of industrial transformation , efforts have been made to increase the import of niche products where the demand of the masses is more concentrated , and to continuously increase the sense of access of enterprises and the public to meet the upgrading needs of industrial and consumer structures .
Tax reductions need to balance fiscal revenues with the affordability of industrial development .
There is a need to harmonize the relationship between domestic and foreign markets , upstream and downstream , and between production and consumption in the choice of specific tax @-@ cutting goods and the extent of tax reductions , in order to maintain the positive trend in China &apos;s economic stability .
The person in charge stressed that this year marks the fortieth anniversary of reform and opening @-@ up , and that China &apos;s initiative to reduce the overall level of import tariffs is a major initiative in line with China &apos;s own need to achieve high @-@ quality development , and is conducive to the integrated use of both international and foreign resources , promoting the quality improvement of the domestic supply system and meeting the needs of the public for consumer upgrading .
Such actions and initiatives demonstrate China &apos;s unwavering commitment to a mutually beneficial opening @-@ up strategy , its firm support for economic globalization , its firm commitment to the principles of free trade and a multilateral trading system with WTO at its core , and its continued development momentum from opening up to the world and making China &apos;s development more beneficial to the world .
Serbia announced that it will enter the highest operational readiness . President Serbian and Russian will meet tomorrow to discuss the situation in Kosovo .
ccording to information from the Office of the President of Serbia , the President of Serbia , Vučić , ordered the armed forces of Kosovo to reach the highest operational readiness in view of the occupation by the Kosovo Special Forces of access to the water storage lake at the Ghazvoda hydroelectric station in northern Kosovo , which is controlled by the Belgrade side .
On 29 September , Serbian Defence Minister Vulin declared that the Serbian army was in full operational readiness .
Vulin stressed that Serbia would continue to monitor the current situation in Kosovo as long as the orders issued by Vučić remained in force and that the Serb army would respond regardless of the direction of events .
According to a Russian Tas News Agency report , on September 29 , Vučić said in an interview that he had briefed the United States , Russia , and Europe on the current situation and would go to Moscow on October 2 to meet Russian President Putin and seek Putin &apos;s support on the Kosovo issue .
When asked whether Serbia needs Russia &apos;s military support , as in Syria , Vučić replied in the negative : I do not want a major military conflict on our territory .
Vučić also stated that the full operational readiness of the Serb Army was intended only to serve as a deterrent to prevent the outbreak of the conflict , but it was also a clear warning that any violence in Kosovo would never be tolerated .
The increased operational readiness of the Serb Army is linked to two major moves on the Kosovo side .
According to the Serbian side , in recent days Albanians have been arresting Serbs who have lived in northern Kosovo for generations without violating any law .
Vučić said that since the beating and detention of Marco Juric , head of the Serbian Government &apos;s office in Kosovo and Metohija , by the Kosovo Albanian Army on 26 March this year , the Albanian community has escalated the situation in the region and unhumanely arrested and expelled Serbs .
In addition , more than 100 people , including the recently self @-@ proclaimed ROSU Special Forces of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Kosovo , armed police and snipers , occupied positions near the water lake at the Ghazvoda hydroelectric power station , entered ecological and sports centres near dams in the northern part of the Kosovo region and blocked all nearby roads , which were otherwise controlled by the Serbian side .
Vučić points out that this military adventure by Kosovo was instigated by Western countries and that the Kosovo Army did not notify the Serbian side beforehand , in violation of Chapter 9 , paragraph 1 , of the Brussels Agreement , as well as United Nations Security Council Resolution 1244 and the military @-@ technical agreement between Seko .
Vučić has already spoken to NATO Secretary @-@ General Stoltenberg criticizing the hypocritical rhetoric of Western countries on Kosovo .
The root cause of the current conflict remains centuries of historical animosity between the Serb and Albanian communities in the Kosovo region .
There are separate accounts of Kosovo &apos;s affiliation between Serbs and Albanians .
Serbia views Kosovo as the birthplace and cultural cradle of its people , as Serbia built its own most powerful state here in the twelfth century , and Albanians moved in large numbers only after the Ottoman invasion and the fall of the Serb army .
The Albanians , for their part , insist that the original tribe of 4 @ -@ 5 B.C. , the Illians , who lived in Kosovo in the fifth century , is an ethnic Albanian ancestor and , therefore , Kosovo has been an ethnic Albanian territory since ancient times .
Subjective political divisions have led to intense ethnic , religious and cultural strife and violent confrontation between Serbs and Albanians in the Kosovo region .
In 1912 , the Kosovo Albanians first declared the independence of Albania .
After the First World War , a large number of ethnic Albanians living in the Balkans moved to Turkey , with a relative increase in the proportion of Serbs , who , in the eyes of the Serbs , simply took back their land , but were perceived by the Albanians as a plunder of Serbian chauvinism , exacerbating the conflict between the two communities .
Kosovo has become a barrels of fire in the Balkans .
In 1999 , armed clashes between Albanian separatists of the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) and the Serbian army and police led to the bombing by NATO forces of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , composed of Serbia and Montenegro , and the outbreak of the war in Kosovo .
On 17 February 2008 , Kosovo unilaterally declared its independence from Serbia .
Since then , despite news that Serbia would normalize its relations with Kosovo and sign a global and legally binding agreement , it has not been able to do so , owing to historical national grievances and geopolitical constraints .
A month ago , for the first time , Vučić made clear his preference for the separation of Serbs from Albanians in Kosovo and for the reopening of the conflict between the two communities .
Electricity communications were still interrupted , and Indonesia &apos;s strong earthquake was accompanied by tsunami relief difficulties
According to figures released by the Indonesian Disaster Relief Agency in the early morning hours of the 30th , a strong earthquake and tsunami in Donggara district in Central Sulawesi province of the country occurred on the 28th , killing 420 people .
The head of the Indonesian Disaster Relief Agency , WilemRampangilei , said that the figure was only a preliminary estimate for the city of Palu , the capital of Central Sulawesi province , some 80 kilometres from the epicentre of the earthquake , because many of the city &apos;s densely populated buildings , such as hotels , shops and warehouses , damaged by the collapse of the earthquake had not been searched and rescued because of the lack of large search and rescue machinery .
On 29 September 2018 , local time , Pakistan Road , Indonesia , broke down a bridge damaged by the earthquake and tsunami .
As a result of the severe damage to electricity and communications , the Central Donggara district and the neighbouring Siji area remain inaccessible islands to date , making it impossible to count the number of victims .
ccording to media reports this time , Vice President Kara of Indonesia said that thousands or thousands of people had died .
Power outages , disruption of communications , road blockages , damage to airports and post @-@ tsunami relief efforts were difficult .
Owing to power outages , some hospitals and relief settlements in the city of Palu depend on fuel for electricity generation .
Access to the city was blocked by landslides that prevented large transport vehicles , including oil tankers , from reaching the city , straining fuel supplies .
Indonesian Minister of Social Affairs Agus said that emergency relief items such as tents , mattresses , blankets , clothing , food and household kits transferred by the Ministry from South Sulawesi and Gorontalo provinces adjacent to the earthquake zone had not yet arrived in the affected areas due to road damage .
Disaster relief consignments from the capital Jakarta are being transported to the affected areas by air transport aircraft .
In view of the damage to the Pallu airport command tower and runway during the earthquake , all commercial flights have been halted for the sole purpose of securing and securing relief supplies and for the landing and landing of military aircraft transporting relief supplies and personnel .
Indonesian Minister for Political , Legal and Security Affairs , Wiranto , who commanded the rescue in the earthquake zone , called for the early restoration of electricity supply and airfield commercial flight services to ensure the functioning of relief agencies such as hospitals and allow more relief workers and volunteers and aid supplies to reach the affected areas .
On the 28th , there were repeated strong earthquakes in Donggara district , Middle Sulawesi province , Indonesia . These included a 7.7 magnitude strong earthquake at 1702 hours local time , which triggered a tsunami , resulting in major disaster events in the cities of Palu , Donggara and Siji .
Xinhua News Agency , Beijing , October 1 ( Reporter Yin Li ) - In recent days , Bishui , Qinghuan , Qinghuan , Qinghuan , and Qinghuan , Beijing has continued to open the most beautiful blue @-@ skies model , drawing hundreds of thousands of people from the city of Beijing to a flower image on a social platform , and feeling comfortable on a continuous screen , calling it a cramped blue white cloud , drunk over apos ; America &apos;s sky line , this is the best famous piece in Beijing .
Since August , Beijing has welcomed the most blue sky .
Within the city of Beijing , people can be seen anywhere in the city either holding smartphones or holding single @-@ camera photos .
On social platforms such as Weibo , WeChat and the circle of friends , the Imperial Palace , Tiananmen &apos;s Gate , Bird &apos;s Nest , and Hu Di &apos;idi buildings in the screen of netizens display different beauties under the blue lining .
Some netizens said that such a large swathes of the storm were the best city propaganda film in Beijing ; others quipped that if such blue skies were to be screened for a long time , people with cervical vertebrates would be cured ; and some netizens hoped that the blue skins would be wiped out in winter and spring summer , allowing the Beijing City &apos;s natural curtain to be cloudy in the fourth quarter .
Why do the people in Beijing particularly love the sun of the blue sky ?
Just because the people who lived in this city in the past suffered from haze , they were particularly yearning for the blue sky , and after Beijing launched a battle to defend the blue sky , the air quality continued to improve , the haze decreased , the blue sky increased , and the people looked at their hearts with happiness , and the happiness gained was particularly weighty .
On the day of the National Day , the weather in Beijing was fine .
At 8 a.m. , the vast majority of the 35 air quality monitoring stations throughout the city were shown to be first @-@ class beautiful green .
A popular and spontaneous photographic competition on social platforms on the topic of the blue skies is continuing .
Why has the sky in Beijing been so blue lately ?
According to the relevant person in charge of the Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Agency , in August this year , the average concentration of fine particulate matter ( PM2.5 ) in Beijing was 35 μg / m3 , which is the best record in the past five years .
In September , PM2.5 concentrations in real time were even more frequent in single digits .
A major factor contributing to the emergence of the blue sky is the overall favourable weather conditions in recent times , and more importantly , Beijing &apos;s persistent efforts to combat air pollution , its vigorous promotion of a clean air action plan over the past five years , and its sustained release of environmental benefits , which have resulted in a reduction in total pollutant emissions in the region , all of which have laid the foundation for sustained improvement in air quality .
Beijing officially launched and implemented the Beijing City 2013 @ - @ 2017 Clean Air Action Plan in 2013 .
Under the plan , official guidance continued to be directed to the non @-@ capital functions to advance energy cleaning alternatives and pollution abatement efforts , phasing out a total of 4923 coal @-@ fired boilers .
As a result , Beijing became the first large city in mainland China to be gas @-@ free .
The data show that between 2013 and 2017 , the cumulative annual concentration of PM2.5 in Beijing decreased by 35.6 per cent ; air quality compliance increased by 50 days ; class I excellence increased by 25 days ; heavy contamination decreased by a total of 35 days ; and the incidence of heavy contamination decreased significantly .
While air quality continues to improve , Beijing government released the Beijing Municipal Three @-@ Year Plan of Action for Winning the Blue Sky Defense Battle in September of this year , based on a new round of PM2.5 source analysis , focusing on key prevention and control areas such as diesel trucks , dust , volatile organic matter management , optimizing transport structure , industrial structure , energy structure , and land use structure , strengthening regional joint defense and control , focusing on improving urban fine @-@ tuning management , comprehensively promoting green development , and striving to get the Blue Square to stay in the city of Beijing , so that it can no longer use scarcity as a precious source and return it to the background rather than the main role of people .
During this year &apos;s National Day Golden Week , the relevant departments of the City Tourism Commission , business and industry , city management , and public security will strengthen law enforcement inspection of the one @-@ day visit to the market , focusing on the six black spots in the tourism industry , and once the violators are found guilty , they will be severely and severely punished in accordance with the law .
Yesterday morning , the city government convened a special meeting on the topic of crackdowns on illegal daily trips to deploy special actions to further crack down on illegal daily trips .
At the meeting , it was revealed that focusing on the black ticket , the black guide , the black market , the black car , the black store , and the mixed chain of interests of the black network , the city had launched a special campaign to crack down on the illegal one @-@ day trip since July 28 .
To date , 39 complaints of daily visits have been received , a decrease of 63 per cent over the previous year . Since this year , 270 complaints of daily trips have been received , a decrease of 62 per cent .
In the past two months , the city has seized 248 black cars , investigated and punished 158 violations of tourist passenger traffic regulations , closed 29 shopping houses and entertainers , investigated and punished 13 black houses and 27 black guides , confiscated 26,000 illegal advertisements , dismantled 31 illegal day @-@ trip billboards and 3 false billboards , investigated and punished 1,789 violations of various types of travel offences , registered 181 cases by various functional departments , severely fined 4.48 million yuan , and detained 111 persons involved in the travel .
After correction , the chaos of the illegal one @-@ day trip was basically contained , and the order of the one @-@ day trip to the market showed a steady and positive trend .
It is said that in recent years , the city has continuously increased its efforts to rectify the illegal one @-@ day travels .
In 2016 and 2017 , the City Tourist Committee received 1612 and 897 complaints of daily trips , a decrease of 79 per cent and 44 per cent , respectively , compared to the previous year , but the illegal daily trips continued to be repeated and rebounded , creating a mixed picture of the chain of interests of black ticketing , black guide , black market , black car , black shop and black network .
Specifically , illegal street guests , namely , the black ticket , the illegal website that publishes false tourism information , the black net , the travel agency or institution or individual that engages in illegal day @-@ to @-@ day trips or does not have the qualifications to operate the travel agency , the black market , the guided tour employed by the black market , which is not licensed or practiced illegally , the black market , the vehicle that uses the unqualified tourist passenger transport , or the tourist passenger @-@ qualified vehicle that provides passenger services for the illegal day trip , which is the &quot; black car crash , &quot; and ultimately the designated tourist shopping shop that they bring tourists into , which is the black store .
In this special operation , the city continuously increased its fixed inspection and motorized inspection of illegal daily visits . In response to the high incidence and high impact of illegal daily visits , the relevant departments dispatched secret inspection teams to carry out unannounced visits every day , and after finding evidence of violations , they strictly investigated and punished in accordance with the law .
Among them , the crash and the crash shop became the focus of two of the special operations .
According to the introduction , without a black car , it will not be possible to travel on a day @-@ to @-@ day basis . The black car can be easily discovered , remembered and investigated , and is also a single fixed asset of higher value .
Relevant departments have used road traffic surveillance probes to increase the supervision of high @-@ priority pilgrimage buses , using technical and physical intelligence to find and deal with them in a timely manner .
Due to the small number of tourist shopping malls and the fact that they operate on the ground , the focus has also become heavy .
In order to strengthen the deterrence and crackdown on illegal day @-@ to @-@ day travel , all departments in special operations that find violations of the law have been given heavier and heavier punishments in accordance with the law .
In August of this year , the city also held a seminar on legal issues related to the severe suppression of illegal labour , and discussed measures to combine administrative punishment with criminalization .
The City Tourist Committee said that in the future , more regular travel agencies will be encouraged to carry out the Beijing Days and Days and increase the supply of regular Days and Days to further squeeze the living space of the illegal Days and Days . Specific programmes are still under study .
In addition , the City Tourist Committee is continuously refining the Tourist Mission e @-@ itinerary information system to ensure that each team is included in the eitinerary platform supervision .
From a tourist symbol to a digital economic symbol , what did the town experience these years ?
As the permanent venue of the World Internet Congress , attention has been paid to how the town can take over the summit dividend .
Since the first World Internet Congress , changes in the town of Uu have been evident in the past five years .
In 2014 , there were only 12 businesses in the town related to the digital economy and the Internet , and by the third quarter of this year there were more than 500 .
This is a microcosm of the development of the digital economy in the town of Uu .
The Internet conference allowed local firms to accept the digital economy at zero distance and the inspiration of the digital wave . There was a strong desire for business transformation , and traditional manufacturing firms increased their investment and research and development in machine exchange , smart management , and so on .
Kang Wei , Secretary of the Party Committee of Wucheng Township , said that Wucheng Township will build a new economic empowerment center in the future .
The development of the digital economy cannot be sustained without infrastructure .
This year , the town launched the 5G pilot project on the basis of full coverage of the 4G communications network and free WiFi .
At the same time , the city of Taoqiang , where the town of Uu is located , has also become a hot ground for the development of the Internet industry as the first county @-@ level city in the country to build a dedicated international Internet data channel .
Since the first World Internet Congress , a total of 565 projects in the digital economy category have been introduced , with a total planned investment of 37.725 billion yuan . In the first three quarters of this year , a total of 8.73 billion yuan has been set aside for core manufacturing in the digital economy , representing an increase in value added of 13 per cent year on year .
Before the meeting , the town of Uu was a tourist symbol , followed by more drama and cultural symbols , because the Internet Assembly has now become the symbol of the Internet and the digital economy .
uanguo Municipal Party Secretary Shenzhong Wanjun believes that the dividends of the World Internet Congress accumulate over time , so it is even more necessary to set up a platform to take over the superposition of talent , projects , technology and other elements from all sides .
The villager Shen Yi had been working outside for 20 years and returned to his hometown to start a business because of his association with the Internet Congress .
On December 2 last year , he entered the fourth Internet Light Expo with high @-@ capacity anti @-@ tampering digital technology solutions , which was popular with many customers .
Shen Yi chose to start a business in the town of Uu not only because of the compassion of his hometown , but also because he squandered in the town of Uu . It was easier to attract people than I thought . Our application also quickly fell . There was our application in the Wisdom Parking Project in the town of Uo .
One avenue in the town of Uu presents the spillover effect of the Internet Congress .
This road , which runs through the north and south of the calorie , is not only a tourist attraction , but also an industrial one .
Relying on it , it created an agglomeration area on Wuju Boulevard .
The reporter learned that in the future , the Wucheng Avenue will become the main position for the industrial development of the calorie township , taking the lead in applying the results of intelligent medicine , intelligent ageing , intelligent government , etc . , and bringing together 80 % of the city &apos;s GDP industry and many high @-@ level talent .
The tsunami triggered by the strong earthquake in Indonesia has killed at least 410 people
According to the Indonesian Police Director of Public Information in Jakarta , on the evening of the 29th , the current earthquake in Central Sulawesi province has killed 410 people , 97 of whom have been identified .
A further 29 were missing and 540 injured .
Palu airport remains closed .
Active treatment , China has achieved a survival rate of 98 per cent for premature births of 29 weeks or more , reaching the level of developed countries .
Chinanews.com , Shanghai , September 30 ( Chen Jing , Luo Yanqian ) - The National Children &apos;s Medical Center and Fudan University &apos;s affiliated paediatric hospital revealed on the 30th that they have introduced advanced Canadian methods in the leading NICU project to improve the quality of pre @-@ natal care in China .
The project results show that , after active treatment , China has achieved a survival rate of 98 per cent for children born prematurely in 29 weeks or more , reaching the level of developed countries , but that there is still considerable room for improvement in the survival rate of very young children born prematurely and without complications .
For almost two decades , the Chinese government has been paying attention to the treatment of newborns .
At present , infant mortality in the Shanghai region has fallen to 3.71 per cent , significantly below the national average and to advanced levels in developed countries .
China &apos;s NICU project to improve the quality of life of premature babies in hospital has greatly improved the quality of life of premature babies through four years of unremitting efforts .
Professor Cao Yun , Director of the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit ( NICU ) at Fudan University &apos;s affiliated paediatric hospital , told the reporter that while raising the survival rate of premature babies , paying attention to reducing the quality of survival of premature babies , reducing the incidence of complications , improving neurodevelopmental forecasting , and improving the overall outcome of affected children is important for improving the overall quality of life and demographic quality of premature babies . It is an important concern of the national and foreign paediatric and neonatal communities . It is also a key concern of this project .
China &apos;s NICU project to improve the quality of prenatal care for premature children in hospital through four years of unremitting efforts has brought together tens of thousands of premature births aged 33 weeks and under across the country , resulting in a one @-@ third reduction in infant mortality and low birth weight premature births in the country , as well as a significant reduction in the incidence of serious complications among premature children , which has greatly improved the quality of life of premature children .
Through the establishment of a nationwide network for improving the quality of newborns and the introduction of collaborative quality improvement concepts , the project has irradiated 25 collaborative hospitals across China , creating a collaborative quality improvement method for improving the early delivery of babies and improving the quality of care for newborns that is appropriate to national conditions .
The Paediatric Hospital attached to Fudan University is working with the national neonatal department to develop guidelines for the treatment and treatment of neonatal infections , based on the accumulated experience of the project , and to provide reference and guidance for the standardized treatment and treatment of neonatal infections in China .
According to reports , in the China Early Childbirth Prospective Quality Improvement Project , paediatric hospitals introduced the EPIQ method into 25 large NICUs in 19 provinces of the country , working to address the problem of premature birth infections that plague China &apos;s neonatal care units .
After more than a decade of continuous improvement , Canada &apos;s national survival rate for premature births has increased by about a third , and it is now one of the best in the world .
The EPIQ approach has now been applied to all NICUs across Canada and has been adopted for application in six countries .
For its part , paediatric hospitals revealed that two years after the EPIQ intervention , premature birth infections decreased by 35 per cent , while antibiotic use decreased by 20 per cent .
In the future , Fudan University &apos;s Paediatric Hospital will continue to promote and implement this approach nationwide , with a view to comprehensively reducing the incidence of all complications among premature babies and improving the quality of care for newborns throughout the country .
At the present time , it is indisputable that the level of treatment in various regions of China varies and is uneven .
According to Professor Cao Yun , as an important construction unit of the National Children &apos;s Medical Centre , paediatric hospitals will play a leading role in radiation . This study covers several western provinces such as Xinjiang , Guizhou , Gansu and Shaanxi , with a view to gradually promoting homogenization and regularization of neonatal treatment nationwide .
According to reports , Fudan University &apos;s affiliated paediatric hospital is working with the national neonatal department to develop guidelines for the treatment and treatment of neonatal infections , based on the accumulated experience of the project , and to provide reference and guidance for the standard treatment and treatment of neonatal infections in China .
It was revealed that in 2019 , the China Neonatal Collaborative Network , located at Fudan University &apos;s affiliated paediatric hospital , would work with 63 hospitals across the country to carry out the next stage of quality improvement nationwide , with a view to promoting the homogenization of treatment levels for newborns in China .
uo Shuli , director of the Shanghai Municipal Health and Family Planning Commission , said that Shanghai can become a central city in Asia , not only in research , but also in the construction of the entire service system , the quality of service and the results of service should all have a place in Asia , thus truly reflecting China &apos;s medical standard .
Sincere : The memorial to the heroes in my heart was written on the occasion of the fifth Martyrs &apos; Day .
On September 30 , on the eve of the Republic &apos;s 69 @-@ year @-@ old Christmas , we celebrated the fifth Martyrs Day , when Xi Jinping and other party and state leaders came to Tiananmen Square to attend a wreath @-@ laying ceremony for the people &apos;s heroes .
At this juncture , no matter where you may be , please pay a fervent tribute .
The Day of Remembrance is a comeback , and even more awakening .
Turning back on a heavy history , the name of each martyr is a living life .
They also have a hot youth , a sincere love , and a hungry family .
However , because they firmly believe in our faith @-@ based ideology , it is the truth of the universe that they are willing to sacrifice everything of their own in order to save the suffering of the next generation .
One day I survive , I will call for one day for China .
Through time and space , the heroes set up a mental road sign to guide the way forward .
Where do you come from , where do you go and do what kind of people do ? It is not difficult to get an answer .
Commemoration of the heroes and , above all , the erection of a monument to the heroes in their hearts .
According to incomplete statistics , some 20 million martyrs have sacrificed their lives for national independence , people &apos;s liberation , and the country &apos;s rich and powerful since the days of the Revolutionary War .
Many martyrs did not even leave their names behind for various reasons .
Countless heroes breed their ideals with blood , practicing their faith with life , remembering their honour and passing on their spirit is to protect the roots and souls of the nation .
The memorial to the heroes must not be tainted or vandalized .
For some time now , the dark currents of historical nihilism , pan @-@ entertainment , and so on have proliferated .
All sorts of distorted history and derogatory practices challenge the conscience of justice , distort value judgments , and arouse public outrage and alarm throughout society .
The heroes must not be blasphemy , and the heroes must not forget .
The act of touching the bottom line cannot be allowed to go unpunished and must dare to show its sword and defend the heroic dignity with justice and the rule of law .
On 1 May this year , the Law on the Protection of Heroes &apos; Martyrs was officially implemented .
Judging from judicial practice , the judgments in some cases were extremely popular , effectively safeguarding the brilliant image in accordance with the law , while unleashing the positive energy of celebrating heroes and admiring martyrdom .
A aspiring people cannot be without heroes , and an ideal country cannot be without pioneers .
Paying tribute to the memory of the martyrs and calling upon the heroes has become a universal social consensus .
At present , there are a total of millions of commemorative facilities in the country , with more than 100 million visits to martyr gardens each year .
People &apos;s hearts are the strongest building blocks .
Let the glorification of heroes , the defence of heroes , the study of heroes and the care of heroes become the norm , and integrate the spirit of heroism into the blood of the nation . A memorial to the heroes will stand firmly between the earth and deep in the hearts and minds .
BRUSSELS , September 28 - The European Union took a non @-@ confrontational stance on Italy on Friday , after Italy flouted EU demands and surprised markets with large budget deficits , but the EU may take a more radical stance if Italy insists on too bold a goal .
Italy &apos;s Euroskeptic government aims to run a budget deficit equivalent to 2.4 % of gross domestic product ( GDP ) over the next three years , suggesting that there has been no debt reduction in the face of a deficit demand .
European Commission Executive Committee Executive Committee on Economic Affairs member Moscosi said on Friday that we had no interest in the crisis between the Commission and Italy , and he responded cautiously , given that EU proposals and sanctions could have little impact on Italy .
EU officials and diplomats remain hopeful that market forces will persuade Italy to adjust its budget plan before Italy formally submits it to the Commission in mid @-@ October .
After the government announced its plan , the euro fell to its lowest level in nearly two weeks on Friday , and Italian bond yields reached their highest level in three weeks .
If the deficit target remains unchanged until the October deadline , the Commission could veto Italy &apos;s proposed budget , as it has never done for any country .
At a subsequent meeting in Riga , the Latvian capital , on Friday , the EU Commission Vice President Doblovsky said that Italy &apos;s current fiscal plan seemed to be inconsistent with the Stability and Growth Pact , referring to the EU &apos;s fiscal rules .
But he did not say how this would trigger an EU response .
The bidder may submit an application for participation in the public tender by 26 October this year .
Previously , the Russian Ministry of Agriculture identified China as one of Russia &apos;s priority markets for agricultural exports .
In May , the Russian Agricultural Supervision Agency announced that Russia &apos;s annual grain exports to China for the first time in the current agricultural year exceeded 1 million tons , with an innovative record .
The Bureau predicts that China may be among the top 10 Russian food importers .
China News Agency , Sapporo , September 30 - Following the victory of 3 : 0 over the Cuban team in First World War , the Chinese women &apos;s platoon again won 3 : 0 over the Turkish team on the 30th , winning two consecutive victories in the 2018 World Championship team .
But compared to the First World War , the Chinese women &apos;s platoon is even more difficult .
A total of 24 teams participated in the 2018 Women &apos;s Volleyball Championship , while Chinese Women &apos;s Volleyball Team joined Italy , Turkey , Bulgaria , Canada and Cuba in Group B .
In terms of the world rankings and overall strength of the teams in Group B , the Turkish and Italian teams are the main rivals of the Chinese team .
After the beginning of the match on that day , the Chinese team moved faster into the state of entry , and got ahead at the beginning of the game , maintaining its advantage throughout , putting no less pressure on its opponents on both the balloon and the blocking network , and taking the first step relatively smoothly at 25 : 18 .
The second incoming Turkish team made a fierce bid , starting with a 6 : 2 lead . After the Chinese team requested a pause , it adjusted its battle pattern and gradually scored the score to 7 : 00 , and then repeatedly blocked the Internet to score a score of 7 : 0 . At the end of the scene , the Turkish team scored a score of 15 : 19 . After the Chinese team got the spot at 24 : 20 , the recalcitrant Turkish team scored a score of 2 points . After the Chinese team again requested a pause , the Chinese team scored a score of 25 : 23 for the second scene with Zhu Ting &apos;s running offensive .
The third situation was very colloidal , with the two sides alternating up , and at one point it was 19 @-@ fold flat .
At this critical moment , the Turkish team made a mistake . After leading by 21 : 19 , the Chinese team again relied on Zhu Ting &apos;s strenuous arrest and Zhang Changning &apos;s attack to get a match point of 24 : 21 . Afterwards , the Turkish team scored a score of 23 : 24 . After the Chinese team requested a pause , Zhang Changning scored a score for the attack and the Chinese team scored a victory of 25 : 23 .
Lang Ping , the head coach of the Chinese women &apos;s volleyball team , said frankly after the match that the whole game was not easy .
We are better prepared , we are not bad at blocking the Internet , and the Turkish team is more comprehensive in technology . We must reduce our mistakes and strive to win through our own initiative .
Faced with her familiar teammate in the past , Zhu Ting , who worked for the Wakiofo Bank in Turkey , was subjected to a lot of restrictions in the first part of the match that day , and then she took the initiative to change and still played a strong offensive role .
Both the rival and the rival are very familiar to each other . It is very normal to be watched by the rival . However , the Chinese team has made great use of it . Under the circumstances of the misinformation , both the blocking of the network and the attack have been very good .
Next , the Chinese women &apos;s platoon will hold a truce for one day and conduct physical and technical training ; on October 2 , it will go to the third rival in the team race , the Canadian team .
Chinanews.com , Hei Xinhua , September 30 ( Cui Chi @-@ ping Wang Peng ) On the 30th , Hebei , Hei , Hei , Hei , Hei , Hei , Hengxin high @-@ tech district held a concentrated project start @-@ up ceremony in the second half of 2018 .
On that day , six projects were concentrated on construction , with a total investment of RMB 4.29 billion .
On the same day , Yang Si @-@ kun , a member of the Standing Committee of Hengshui City Committee and deputy mayor , announced the commencement of work .
According to Yao Happu , director of Hebei &apos;s Hsieh High @-@ tech District Management Committee , the six projects concentrated today , with a total investment of 4.29 billion yuan , are all industrial projects . These include both the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries and the development and introduction of new and emerging industries , covering a wide range of industries such as civil @-@ military integration , cloud factories , food , medicine , and chemicals . The projects have a high scientific and technological content , a high industrial level , and a high value @-@ added product .
I believe that the construction and production of this project will definitely inject strong momentum into the early realization of the goal of building a 100 billion @-@ class industrial park in the high @-@ tech area and competing for national @-@ level high @-@ tech areas .
Yang Shi @-@ kun , a member of the Standing Committee of Hengshui City Committee and deputy mayor , announced the commencement of work on the project .
Yao Happy said that the region has successfully launched a series of major events such as the China @-@ Hengwater International Life Sciences Summit and the Great Health Industry Development Forum , the High @-@ end Equipment Industry Balance Summit of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , and the 2018 @-@ Hengshi Beijing @-@ Tianjin Co @-@ ordinating Innovation Forum , among others , to vigorously develop the three strategic emerging industries of new materials energy , large health , and high @-@ end equipment manufacturing .
The Sino @-@ American stem cell project will be officially operational by the end of the year .
The Chinese vanadium titanium full @-@ scale project , the 10,000 @-@ ton pilot base , began construction work on the world &apos;s largest megawatt supercritical carbon dioxide compressor pilot platform , the first in the country .
The Advanced Super Computing Center of Mao &apos;an ( Water Balance ) , whose computing capabilities are among the top ten in the world , has been rebuilt at the provincial and municipal levels .
Yao Happy said that by the end of the year , the region will have completed the second phase of the scientific and technological valley of 240,000 square meters of digital information , new materials for new energy , three research and development bases for life and health , and the exhibition center .
It will actively build an upgraded version of the Academy of Science and Technology + model of innovation , build a platform of the two houses , and promote the integration and innovation of scientific and technological achievements through multidisciplinary cross @-@ cutting , multi @-@ unit collaboration , and multi @-@ industry integration .
Nearly 1,000 state @-@ owned attractions reduced their ticket prices by more than 20 %
# 91 ; Summary # 93 . As of September 28 , 981 scenic areas had been opened or reduced free of charge ( 74 opened free of charge and 907 reduced ) , rock forests in Yunnan , Dali Three Towers , Yulongxuan Mountains , Guilin Lijiang in Guangxi , Wurai Mountain in Fujian , Zhang Jiabi in Hunan , Shaanxi Ha &apos;aoo in Shaanxi , Sanqing Mountain in Jiangxi , and Kanas in Xinjiang have all implemented price reductions .
In order to follow up on the implementation of the decision @-@ making and deployment of the Central Economic Work Conference and the Government Work Report , the National Development Reform Commission issued on June 28 &quot; Guidance on perfecting the mechanism for forming ticket prices in state @-@ owned attractions to reduce ticket prices in key state @-@ owned attractions &quot; ( hereinafter referred to as the Guidance ) , which calls for perfecting the mechanism for forming ticket prices in state @-@ owned attractions in terms of rationalizing the composition of ticket pricing costs , innovative price management methods , strict enforcement of pricing procedures , etc . , and ensuring tangible results in reducing the prices of ticket prices in high @-@ priority state @-@ owned attractions by September .
In accordance with deployment requirements , localities have actively worked to reduce the prices of tickets in a number of key state @-@ owned attractions .
As of September 28 , 981 scenes had been opened or reduced free of charge ( 74 were opened free of charge and 907 reduced ) , 159 of them in the 5A category and 534 in the 4A level , for a total of 693 ( 70.6 % ) .
Of the 907 attractions , 491 decreased by more than 20 per cent , or 54.3 per cent , and 214 decreased by more than 30 per cent , or 23.6 per cent .
The provinces of Yunnan , Shandong , Guangxi and Shaanxi have a higher number of price reduction attractions , including Yunnan , where the number of price reduction attractions exceeds 100 , with an overall decrease of more than 30 per cent .
All eight provinces ( districts and cities ) including Anhui and Chongqing have achieved price reductions for 5A @-@ grade scenes .
Price reductions have been implemented in such scenic areas as Yunnan Shilin , Dali Three Towers , Yulong Xishan , Guangxi Guilin , Fujian Wurai Hills , Hunan Zhang Family , Shaanxi Wuyu , Jiangxi Sanqing Hills , Xinjiang Kanas , etc .
The gradual return of ticket prices to reasonable ranges in key state @-@ owned attractions is conducive to accelerating the transition of tourism from the ticket economy to the industrial economy , small @-@ scale tourism to mass tourism , and attraction tourism to region @-@ wide tourism . It is also beneficial to create a virtuous circle of optimizing the supply structure of tourism and steadily expanding the demand for tourism and consumption , and to promoting the sustainable and healthy development of attraction areas and tourism .
At the same time , the National Development and Reform Commission stressed the need for all places to strengthen the norms of price order in scenic areas , guide scenic areas to upgrade services , and ensure that prices do not fall .
In addition , the National Development Reform Commission has carried out special supervision on such issues as the small decrease in ticket prices in individual scenic areas and the non @-@ decline in real terms , as reflected by the media recently , and has asked all regions to seriously address them , respond to social concerns in a timely manner , and effectively implement the reduction in prices .
Trade and Development Board to carry out an orderly process of medium- and long @-@ term optimization
The Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Authority has submitted short- and long @-@ term optimization reports on major investment migrants and skilled migrants . In addition to stepping up the promotion and implementation of the activities contained in the reports , the Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Authority has been continuously consulting with society and continuously optimizing the content of the reports and related work .
The TPB will introduce relevant optimization to all sectors of society as soon as possible .
Five of these were short @-@ term measures undertaken during the year ; five were medium @-@ term measures undertaken in 2019 ; and one was long @-@ term measures .
In addition , the TPB conducted a comprehensive review of the internal management system , as directed by the Director of the Department of Economics and Finance , Liang Wit .
The five short @-@ term measures undertaken during the year include :
1 . Carry out a review process . Give priority to those cases that are about to expire for seven years , those referred to in the ICAC report , and new renewal cases . If cases are found to contain signs of misconduct or violations , they will be referred to the relevant judicial authorities for follow @-@ up ;
2 . Field visits to projects involving major investments in migrants . More than 20 investment projects were visited by late September ;
3 . A comprehensive review of the current evaluation system . Six principles have been re @-@ established for the analysis of investment projects with regard to the evaluation of &quot; major investment immigrants &quot; applications . In the evaluation of &quot; technology immigrants &quot; applications , the relevant approval mechanism will be improved through the identification of elements that have a positive impact on the development of the Macao SAR and the conditions for the preferential absorption of talent .
4 . Continuous efforts to increase transparency of information , including plans to gradually publish approval guidelines , rating criteria and percentages , and to further refine and make publicly available data on approval starting from the fourth quarter of this year ;
5 . In terms of improving the work of the recognition mechanism , pre @-@ recognition checks have been required for work in Australia ; significant investments have to be verified on site and financial statements submitted .
The five medium @-@ term measures undertaken in 2019 include :
1 . Establishment of a mechanism for regular hearings with the Commission on Human Development and the Commission on Economic Development , in which a working meeting was held with the Commission on Economic Development in September to discuss the establishment of such a mechanism .
2 . Require applicants to submit annually financial statements made by independent third parties to keep the operation of investment projects under review ;
3 . Further standardize and electronically the process of case requests and approvals in order to reduce human error ;
4 . A comprehensive review of current staffing levels , in conjunction with the implementation of a number of optimization measures ;
5 . Expedite work on the revision of the Temporary Residence Regime for Investors , Managers and Specially Qualified Technicians .
As far as the long @-@ term measures are concerned , research into the law has been intensified , and work is expected in the first half of 2019 on drafting the relevant legislation with a view to completing it as soon as possible , further clarifying the criteria for granting temporary residence permits , the review mechanism and the confirmation mechanism , and increasing the investigative function of the Trade and Development Board in order to more precisely approve and regulate applications for temporary residence permits .
Experts from the national film @-@ free cotton field watching and discussion exchange activities entered the test field and heard a briefing by a representative of the Yu Shunxun team of the Chinese Academy of Engineering .
Xinjiang , Saya , September 30 , Xinjiang ( Quentin Dan Xiaojun ) - The test base for the cultivation of film @-@ free cotton is located in Saya County , Xinjiang . The growth of film @-@ free cotton is encouraging . Compared to the presence of soil cotton next to it , it is no less colorful . A cluster of snow cotton is in a race to open up . It is full of branches .
From 27 to 28 September , a nationwide film @-@ free cotton field visit and seminar exchange event was held in Saya County , Xinjiang .
During the meeting , the reporter learned that the film @-@ free cotton technology system , which is dominated by domestic cotton 619 and its accompanying cultivation measures , had initially achieved the goal of sedentarization of cotton fields , reduced contamination of the ecological environment and raw cotton by the residues of Xinjiang cotton fields , and made significant progress in the study and demonstration of integrated technology for film @-@ free cotton .
Chinese Academy of Engineering , famous cotton genetics breeders , and Chief Scientist of the national modern agricultural industry technology system , Yu Shuxun , introduced Zhejiang University of Agriculture and Forestry Party Committee Secretary Zhou Guofang @-@ mong on the growth of film @-@ free cotton .
The comprehensive technology we have developed for film @-@ free cotton can completely realize the need to grow cotton without the soil , and can completely solve the problem of contamination of the debris and achieve green cotton planting .
Chinese Academy of Engineering , Yu Shuxun , introduced it .
Xinjiang is the most important cotton @-@ producing region in China . According to the National Bureau of Statistics , the area under cotton cultivation in Xinjiang was 35 million mu in 2017 , accounting for 61 % of the country &apos;s cotton area .
Since the introduction of the topographic film in China in 1982 , the territory of Xinjiang has covered more than 50 million mu of all types of crop cover , using about 300,000 tons of topographic film annually .
Of these , the cotton diaphragm coverage rate reached 100 per cent , with cotton fields covering about 60 per cent of the use of the Xinjiang diaphragm .
The production of non @-@ film cotton is measured , and the production of cotton is completely within reach of 320 kg to 350 kg .
As the amount of land film input in Xinjiang continues to increase , the low rate of recovery of residual land film , the gradual increase in the amount of residual film in the soil and the disruption of soil structure caused by the debris film seriously affect the sustainable development of agriculture .
Paralytic membranes not only cause serious soil contamination but also have a significant impact on the quality of cotton fibres .
At present , over a third of Xinjiang &apos;s cotton fields have been mechanized for harvesting .
In 2017 , the Xinjiang machine cotton mining area was about 14 million mu .
Large quantities of surface and cotton @-@ strapped shredded films are included in the cotton harvesting process , and shredded films doped with raw cotton are difficult to remove during the processing of raw cotton and are not completely removed during subsequent textile processing , seriously affecting the quality of textile products .
On September 28 , a nationwide film @-@ free cotton sightseeing and discussion exchange event was held in Saya County , Xinjiang .
In order to focus on solving the soil pollution in cotton fields , simplifying cotton planting technology and improving cotton field efficiency , Yu Shuxun led his team through eight years to implement the planting of 619 cotton @-@ free films , adding wings to the green development of Xinjiang agriculture .
Yu Shuxun introduced that by innovating new ideas for breeding , he had cultivated an extremely early , saline @-@ resistant , low @-@ temperature , well @-@ produced new line of cotton on the land .
Central cotton 619 wool apos . Under the conditions of seedless cultivation in the southern region of Xinjiang , a series of accompanying measures have been implemented such as seedless seeding mechanics , improved seeding depth , shallow burial of the drip belt under sedentary conditions , suitable seeding density screening , and rational chemical control .
At present , demonstration bases for film @-@ free cotton have been established in Aksu , Kurl and Arar , with a yield of 4,800 kg per hectare .
The planting of cotton without film has resulted in abundant production , savings , environmental protection and improved overall efficiency .
Zhang Donghai , agronomist at the Agricultural Sciences Institute of the Third Division of Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps , said that through nearly six years of research and demonstration on film @-@ free cotton cultivation technology , the production of cotton seeds without film can completely achieve a yield of 320 kg to 350 kg of cotton seeds , and may even be higher .
There are great prospects for the diffusion of seedless cotton cultivation techniques .
Zhang Donghai believes that at present , film @-@ free cotton cultivation technology can completely solve the problem of soil debris contamination , but at present there is a certain gap in economic benefits compared to soil film cultivation .
Support for cotton purchase prices would be beneficial for future marketing .
Yu Shuxun said that next step , he and his team will continue to carry out an in @-@ depth study and widespread application of film @-@ free cotton , strengthen the film @-@ free cotton industry , and thoroughly solve the problem of soil pollution caused by the earth film .
Guangdong air , land and sea actively responded to the National Day Golden Week transportation @ - @ China News Network
September 29 was the seventh day of the official opening of the Hong Kong section of the high @-@ speed railway . It was also the first weekend after the opening , the number of people in the Wujiulong station was swept .
The national holiday for Huang Jin Week ( October 1 @-@ 7 ) will arrive . Over the past few days , the reporter has learned from the relevant departments that Guangdong railway , aviation , water transportation , road and other transportation departments are actively planning , increasing delivery capacity , and putting in place safeguards to make every effort to ensure the safe and orderly transportation of domestic passengers during Huang Jin Week .
ccording to China Railways Guangzhou Bureau Group Limited ( hereafter referred to as the &quot; Canton Group &quot; ) , during this year &apos;s National Day of Huang Jin Week , the Canton Group is expected to transport 17.8 million passengers , an increase of 155,000 passengers , an increase of 9.2 % from the same period last year .
In order to meet the travel needs of travelers , the Guangzhou Railway Group plans to increase the number of high @-@ speed rail trains by 104 , and the number of high @-@ speed trains by 85 , mainly concentrated on hot gates such as Beijing , Shanghai and Khun , Guangzhou and Shenzhen ports , and Hangchen high @-@ speed rail .
During this year &apos;s National Day Golden Week , Bai Yun Airport in Guangzhou may become the busiest airport in the Mainland . It is expected to take over 1.4 million passengers and more than 9,200 landing and landing flights .
With the increasing number of international routes , the airport is expected to experience a significant increase in international passenger arrivals compared with the past , which will be a prominent feature of this year &apos;s golden week holidays .
t is known that Singapore , Bangkok , Puji Island , Jakarta , Colombo , Maldives , Manila , and other places all travel to hot cities for this year &apos;s National Day . The tourist halls of Kathmandu , Kuala Lumpur , Bali and other places also continue to explode , and some flights are difficult to find one vote .
Some airlines have particularly increased the number of operational flights , such as : 1 additional Guangzhou @-@ Hanoi flight per day for Shenzhen Airlines ; 1 additional Guangzhou @-@ Tehran flight per Saturday for Iran Mahan Airlines ; and 1 additional Guangzhou flight per week for Viet Nam Qiang Airlines , 2 and 4 additional Guangzhou @-@ Hanoi flights .
In order to ensure vacation security , Bai Yun Airport has increased its efforts to secure key positions such as assigning cramped luggage to the cramps to ensure the safety and security of passengers , and has made preparations for large @-@ scale delays in the handling of flights .
ccording to Southern China Airlines , the route from Huang Jin @-@ Zhou to NZ , North America , and Japan and South Korea this year is extremely incendiary , while the number of flights to inland Chinese tourist destinations such as Hainan , Chengdu , Luzhou , Jiuhua , Saddam and Huangshan is also relatively tight .
South China Airways plans to increase the number of flights by 50 during the Golden Week period , including 10 on the Guangzhou Changmai route .
According to the Guangdong Maritime Bureau , prior to the festival , a safety and security inspection operation was carried out on key vessels such as the water sightseeing cruise ship , the Jongzhou Straits passenger ferry , the Pearl Jiangkou high @-@ speed passenger ship and the ferry ferry to ensure a stable water traffic security situation during the long holiday period .
During Huang Jin @-@ week , traffic in Guangdong Province is expected to stabilize at the top of China &apos;s list .
Guangdong Traffic Group recently issued a holiday highway travel guide , which is expected to increase highway traffic by about 12 % .
The General Administration of Market Supervision recently issued a Circular on Strengthening Market Price Supervision during the National Day in the Mid @-@ Autumn Festival of 2018 , which requires that price regulation in the housing rental and real estate sectors be strengthened , and that price violations such as collusion in rent prices , hoarding of rental housing sources , falsification of false information to inflate rent , disorderly collection of fees through bundling of services , publication of misleading price information , and unspecified prices be severely corrected .
The circular made it clear that early warning of price monitoring should be strengthened and that market price developments should be closely monitored .
Local governments should pay close attention to consumption of food , oil , meat , egg , milk , and other necessities , as well as market and price changes for special commodities consumed by local residents during festivals , and strengthen price monitoring and early warning .
Take timely measures to effectively address market volatility once it is detected that it is tending and emerging .
We should strengthen the supervision and inspection of the wholesale and retail segments of life @-@ necessities , increase the frequency and supervision of places closely related to the daily consumption of the masses such as merchant , agricultural and trade markets , and urge operators to comply with the law and operate in good faith .
The notice pointed out the need to strengthen inspection of key areas and create a good festival consumer environment ; strengthen control of ticket prices in state @-@ owned scenic areas ; focus on investigating and punishing violations in the form of non @-@ implementation of government @-@ mandated price levels or floating margins in state @-@ owned scenic areas , unauthorized addition of fee items , disguised raising of ticket prices , high pricing discounts , tied sales , non @-@ compliance with prescribed code prices , non @-@ implementation of preferential measures , extra @-@ price increases , mandatory surrogate charges , etc .
The notification requires enhanced regulation of prices of essential goods , in particular agricultural products .
Prices of essential agricultural products such as vegetables and pork have fluctuated recently in some areas , affected by seasonal changes , natural disasters and sudden epidemics .
Local governments should take local realities into account , effectively strengthen the regulation of agricultural by @-@ product market prices , work with relevant departments to stabilize production and market supply , and organize forces to carry out market @-@ focused inspections and random spot checks .
For commodities such as pork , where supply is tight and prices are rising faster , more frequent inspections are carried out , and illegal acts such as hoarding strangers , inflating prices and colluding in raising prices are seriously investigated and punished .
The circular indicated that price regulation in the area of housing rental and real estate needed to be strengthened .
In the Mid @-@ Autumn Festival and National Day , which coincide with the boom season in housing rental and commodity housing sales , localities must pay close attention to the price behavior of real estate enterprises , intermediary companies , and housing rental @-@ related enterprises , severely regulate rent price collusion , accumulate sources of rental housing , falsify and fake information to inflate rent , tie @-@ up charges by bundling services , issue misleading price information , and other price violations , increase the level of inspection of the clearly stated prices of hot @-@ selling real estate estates and real estate intermediaries , investigate and deal with non @-@ compliance with regulations that harm consumer interests and disturb market order , clean up the real estate market environment , and create an open and transparent real estate market price order .
The notice referred to the need for localities to effectively regulate prices in other parts of the tourism industry , work hard to standardize the price order in the catering , accommodation , shopping , sightseeing , entertainment , parking , etc . , and guide operators in making clear @-@ cut prices , charging public announcements , and seriously investigate and punish all kinds of price violations .
The notice indicated that the inspection of road , rail , civil aviation , and maritime transport prices should be strengthened , and illegal acts such as price increases , extra @-@ price charges , and non @-@ compliance with the specified code prices should be seriously investigated and punished .
Implement the policy of exempting minibuses from tolls for the transportation of fresh agricultural products through the Green Corridor and on major holidays .
We should innovate regulatory tools and working methods , strengthen the dissemination of price laws and regulations for offline commodity retailers and e @-@ commerce platforms , and urge operators to improve price promotion schemes , and investigate and punish illegal practices such as fictitious original prices , misleading price labelling and non @-@ compliance with price commitments in accordance with the law .
The reporter learned on the 1st that the entire 15th anniversary of the Shanghai @-@ Hong Kong train &apos;s direct passage has gone through three speeds , and so far passenger traffic has been growing continuously ; the cumulative total number of passengers carrying passengers to and from Shanghai and Hong Kong has exceeded 1.7 million .
At the same time , Hong Kong and Macau passengers pass the customs clearance for no more than 15 seconds .
On October 1 , 2003 , the State Council approved the establishment of a temporary Shanghai @-@ Kyulong direct train port , the Shanghai railway port being China &apos;s first long @-@ distance rail passenger port to Hong Kong , signalling that Shanghai already has an open port pattern of water transport , aviation , and land transportation with three wings flying together .
So far , the Shanghai @-@ Hong Kong train has been running for 15 years .
On the 1st , the Shanghai railway border inspection , which has the task of checking the entry and exit of the Shanghai @-@ Hong Kong Express , revealed that since its opening up , the Shanghai @-@ Hong Kong train has been speeding up three times , shortening its one @-@ way trip time from nearly 30 hours to 19 hours ; the annual annual number of passenger traffic to and from Shanghai has increased from less than 80,000 to more than 150,000 ; and in the past 15 years , the cumulative total number of passenger traffic to and from Shanghai and Shanghai ports has exceeded the 1.7 million mark .
According to reports , in the past 15 years , the Shanghai railway border checkpoint has signed a police police coordination mechanism with the nine @-@ train station in Shanghai and sent police officers to carry out car @-@ accompanying supervision , which has achieved full coverage of 1991 @-@ kilometre services and controls .
In the past 15 years , the Shanghai Railway border post has detected nearly 1,000 cases of various kinds of illegal violations , successfully uncovered cases of illegal entry and exit of foreigners under false identity cards , and cases of fraudulent use of other people &apos;s identity documents to replace the country .
The station has also set up working exchanges and other mechanisms with the inspection unit , conducted regular counter @-@ terrorism branch exercises at railway ports and joint preventive actions , and constructed a three @-@ tier protection belt for the urban river at the railway ports .
According to reports , in the past 15 years , the border inspection department of the Shanghai Railway has continuously innovated its services , and the speed of customs clearance has greatly increased .
The border post has also set up a volunteer service team in Jupinglai to provide compassionate assistance to the elderly , pregnant women and baby @-@ carrying travellers .
The reporter learned from the Ministry of Finance on the 30th that the four departments of the Ministry of Finance , the State Administration of Taxation , the State Development Reform Commission , and the Ministry of Commerce recently issued a joint notice that , in order to further encourage overseas investors to invest in China , the profits distributed by overseas investors from resident enterprises in China will be used to temporarily exempt domestic direct investment from the scope of application of the pre @-@ tax income tax policy , and will be extended from foreign investment incentive projects to all projects and areas where foreign investment is not prohibited .
This policy has been implemented since 1 January 2018 .
The notice makes clear that foreign investors &apos; direct investment on a profit @-@ sharing basis includes profit @-@ sharing capital increases , new construction , equity acquisitions and other equity investments by foreign investors , but does not include the addition , transfer or acquisition of shares in listed companies in addition to eligible strategic investments .
Offshore investors who do not actually benefit from the policy of withholding advance income tax may apply to refund the policy and refund the tax paid within three years of the date on which the relevant tax was actually paid .
Moreover , foreign investors may continue to benefit from the policy of withholding the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding of the withholding income tax , if the reorganisation of the invested enterprise meets the special conditions for reorganization and if it is actually being tax @-@ treated in accordance with the special reorganization .
To ensure that profits earned by foreign investors are actually used for direct investment , the notices stipulate that foreign investors &apos; profits for direct investment are paid in cash , that the funds are transferred directly from the account of the profit @-@ distributing enterprise to the account of the investing enterprise or equity @-@ transferring party , and that no other account is subject to turnover within or outside the country prior to direct investment ; that foreign investors &apos; profits for direct investment are paid in kind , marketable securities , etc . , and that ownership of the assets is transferred directly from the profit @-@ distributing enterprise to the investing enterprise or equity @-@ transferring party and cannot be held on behalf of , or temporarily held by , other enterprises or individuals prior to direct investment .
The circular also requires the tax authorities to strengthen their follow @-@ up administration in accordance with the law .
Foreign investors already enjoy a policy of withholding advance income tax payments , and if the required conditions are verified by the subsequent management of the tax administration as not meeting the requirements , except for the allocation of corporate liability for profits , they are considered to have failed to file a corporate income tax declaration in accordance with the requirements , and will be held liable for delayed tax payments , which will be calculated from the date of payment of the related profits .
The United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) said on Friday that it would no longer allow the import of raw medicines produced by the Chinese medicine industry and preparations made using the company &apos;s raw medicines .
A drug previously produced in the Chinese medicine industry was recalled for containing potentially carcinogenic substances .
The European Medicines Agency indicated that further action on other components of the plant &apos;s production was under consideration .
FDA states that it discovered major production process problems during its inspection of pharmaceutical plants in the Hua Sea industry and then stopped importing them .
FDA also states that the import ban will remain in place until the Chinese medicine industry finds out how these impurities will produce and improve its quality control system .
On September 29 , the Chinese medicine industry released a statement on the company &apos;s website , saying : &quot; The company is making a positive attitude and taking vigorous measures to rectify the problems in this official US @-@ European inspection . The company is very surprised and saddened by the way and outcome of this official U.S. @-@ European inspection . &quot;
In the current complex market environment , companies are worried about this .
The company is currently organizing teams , including professional lawyers , to communicate and file complaints with United States and EU officials in order to resume production as soon as possible .
Reuters , Shanghai , September 29 - On Friday evening , the China Securities Regulatory Commission announced that on that day , the Securities Regulatory Commission approved the initial application of the Chinese People &apos;s Insurance Group , Inc . ( IPO ) in accordance with the legal procedures .
But the CVM official WeChat public did not reveal the size of the current IPO fund @-@ raising .
The Chinese People &apos;s Insurance ( 1339.HK ) applied to the China Securities Regulatory Commission as early as September 29 last year to issue up to 4,599 million shares of A shares and plan to place them on the Shanghai Exchange .
According to the pre @-@ disclosure material previously published by the CVM , this time the company applied to issue new shares not exceeding 9.78 per cent of the total equity after the issuance and not including any shares that might be issued under the excess distribution option .
The funds collected will be used to replenish corporate capital .
On April 9 , this year , the Securities Regulatory Commission released the Chinese People &apos;s Security Offering Statement ( draft declaration ) .
The call for shares shows that prior to the issuance of the A shares , China &apos;s total equity stock was 4,2,424 million shares . Assuming that the A shares were issued this time with 4,599 million shares and no excess distribution option was exercised , after the A shares were issued , the group &apos;s total equity stock did not exceed 4,7023 million shares , of which A shares did not exceed 382,996 million shares and the number of Hshares was 8,726 million shares .
On June 5 , the Chinese People &apos;s Protection Organization applied to pass the CRIC .
As at 31 December 2017 , the Ministry of Finance held 70.47 per cent of China &apos;s total equity , while the Social Security Foundation held 10.2 per cent .
After the Chinese People &apos;s Insurance issued shares in A , the percentage of shares held by the Ministry of Finance will be diluted to 63.58 % , and the percentage of shares held by the Social Security Foundation will be 9.2 % .
As of Friday this week , the closing of the Hu shares of the Chinese People &apos;s Security was 3.52 Hong Kong dollars , an increase of 1.44 per cent on the same day .
Former foreign aid charges that there is no need to have a Sino @-@ Chinese net in the North Control response to the counterfeit ball
Yesterday afternoon , the Beijing Holding Football Club ( hereafter referred to as North Control ) responded officially to the news that the team &apos;s former foreign aid , Anichebe , had accused the team of kicking counterfeit ball . North Control issued a statement saying that there was absolutely no kicking of counterfeit ball in the club , which was completely a false lie made by Anichebe himself during the arbitration process in order to cover up his blatant breach of the contractual agreement and for his personal and illegitimate economic purposes .
At the same time , NCC indicated that it would reserve the right to use all means to hold the relevant parties accountable .
According to the British newspaper The Daily Post , Nigerian player Anichebe has accused FIFA that the Beijing North Control Team , which he worked on last year , is suspected of playing fake ball , including the 21st round of Beijing in the 2017 season .
At that time , it was precisely the critical stage of the Beijing people and the surfing . The final passenger field of the competition was 0 : 2 worse than that of the Beijing people and Anichebi was the first to come out .
In response to this Nigerian player &apos;s statement , the North Control Club responded officially yesterday .
he statement said that after an internal investigation prior to the club , there was no counterfeit ball in the game in which the team had participated .
Anichebe joined Beijing North in June 2017 , and Anichebe refused to return to winter training without just cause in December of the same year , despite repeated reminders by the club .
The dispute between the parties has now been submitted to FIFA and arbitration is ongoing .
The statement also mentioned that the much @-@ publicized allegations of hypocrisy were in fact false falsehoods made by Anichebe during the arbitration process in order to conceal his blatant breach of the contractual agreement and for his personal and improper economic purposes .
Its sole purpose in slandering clubs and slandering Chinese soccer is to reap undue economic benefits .
Clubs do not accept any organization or individual making unfounded accusations , slander , slander or slander of clubs for their economic interests and personal grievances .
Therefore , the north control side indicated that it would reserve the right to use all means to hold the relevant parties accountable .
The Agricultural Development Bank of China will allocate 20 billion yuan to support the Gilin autumn grain purchase .
Since September , crops in various parts of Jilin province have continued to record peak harvests .
The reporter learned from the Jilin Provincial Branch of the China Agricultural Development Bank that currently , 20 billion yuan in credit funds are available for agricultural issues , ensuring that Jilin Qiu grain purchase funds are sufficient .
ccording to reports , the food production situation in Jilin was generally stable this year , with some food processing enterprises increasing their demand in the food market due to the expansion of production capacity and the increase in the opening rate .
In order to ensure the supply of funds for food policy acquisition , agricultural issues have actively promoted the Qiui Food Acquisition Bank Exchange through visits to various acquisition agents such as farmers , processing enterprises and trading enterprises .
Currently , 5.2 billion yuan has been put into agricultural distribution to support the acquisition of 11.58 billion jin of autumn grain by various food buyers .
A total of 120 major food purchasers have set up nearly 300 buying points in Jilin province , ensuring that all food @-@ producing counties cover all of them and do not leave the acquisition of funds to supply them with empty ones .
The person in charge of the agricultural issue said that according to the pace of acquisition and the demand for business funds , if the scale of acquisition funds is insufficient , the agricultural issue will apply for an additional 20 billion yuan in credit funds to ensure the timely and adequate supply of funds , safeguard the stability of the food market , and protect the interests of farmers .
Chinese reporters were taken away by the police at the annual meeting of the British Conservative Party . China asked for an apology .
According to news from the website of the Chinese embassy in Britain , the spokesman for the British embassy answered the question of a Chinese journalist who had been taken away by the police during the annual meeting of the British Conservative Party on the 1st .
The speaker said that we asked the Conservative Human Rights Commission to stop interfering in China &apos;s internal affairs , stop intervening in Hong Kong , and ask the organizers of the conference to apologize to Chinese journalists .
Journalists asked : on 30 September , during the annual Conservative Party Conference in the United Kingdom , the party &apos;s Human Rights Committee held a side event on Hong Kong , inviting Hong Kong &apos;s opposition to make a statement .
A Chinese journalist was taken away by the police during the side event .
May I ask you for any comments ?
The speaker responded that in the 21 years since Hong Kong returned to the motherland , the practice of &quot; one country , two systems &quot; had achieved great success , and Hong Kong &apos;s development achievements were universally recognized .
Hong Kong is China &apos;s Hong Kong , and Hong Kong &apos;s affairs are purely Chinese internal affairs .
The Conservative Party Human Rights Committee used the party &apos;s annual conference to organize a side event for anti @-@ Chinese separatists . China expressed its serious concern and strong dissatisfaction .
We firmly oppose any interference by any organization in Hong Kong &apos;s affairs in any way .
Any attempt or move to promote Hong Kong &apos;s independence would be futile .
The speaker said that Britain had always claimed freedom of expression , but when Chinese journalists asked questions on the sidelines to express their views , they had been thwarted and even physically assaulted , which was totally unacceptable .
We ask the Conservative Human Rights Commission to stop interfering in China &apos;s internal affairs , stop intervening in Hong Kong , and ask the conference organizers to apologize to Chinese journalists .
The fifth World Internet Congress will be held in the town of Wu , Zhejiang , from 7 to 9 November , and the world Internet is about to re @-@ enter the town of Laumu .
As a global Internet event , the World Internet Congress received a high level of attention and widespread recognition in the global Internet arena .
Over the past five years , the World Internet Congress has created a major platform for the exchange of technology on the Internet &apos;s front lines , where the widespread application of technological achievements has given new impetus to global economic development .
Outcome release brings together the world &apos;s Internet frontier technologies
In the field of the Internet , what are the world &apos;s most cutting @-@ edge and visible outcomes ?
The leading scientific and technological results released by the World Internet Congress offer an answer .
For the first time , the Third World Internet Congress released 15 leading scientific and technological outcomes .
The results presented are dynamic , wide @-@ ranging and radiation @-@ led , reflecting the latest and most important breakthroughs in global Internet science and technology at the time , as well as the pace of development and future prospects in the field of cyberinformation .
Photovoltaic computers , 5G , artificial intelligence capable of calculating emotions , etc . The results released at the Fourth World Internet Congress are even more cynical .
The Organizing Committee of the General Assembly set up the World Internet Leading Scientific and Technological Outcomes Recommendation Committee , composed of 44 eminent experts and scholars from 10 countries , including China , the United States and others . It collected nearly 1,000 innovative results in the field of the Internet from countries around the world and finally evaluated 18 representative results , including the three GPP 5G pre @-@ commercial system , the Tornado Arm Security Architecture , the Microsoft Little Ice Baidu satellite navigation system , the Tornado satellite navigation system , based on the light of Dumi Tai Lake ; and the major application results of the supercomputer system , among others .
Currently , the application of the BeiDou satellite navigation system covers more than 50 countries and territories and involves more than 3 billion people .
A total of more than 2 million operational tasks have been carried out on the light of the Shinawatra Lake and more than 100 applications have been supported .
Starting from China , Microsoft Xiaobing , pioneered by Microsoft &apos;s Chinese research and development team , has now landed in China , Japan , the United States , India , Indonesia , and other countries , serving as television host , radio host , singer , and many other roles . China &apos;s Internet technology development has frequently snapped up in the world &apos;s technological frontier camp , attracting the world &apos;s surprising attention and becoming a gathering place and a logo for the world &apos;s leading technologies on the Internet .
Building a new platform for technology exchange at the Internet Light Expo
As one of the key elements of the World Internet Congress , the Internet Oscar Fair drives the interactive exchange of global science , technology and innovation outcomes on the Internet , creating an important platform for Internet enterprises to present the latest results .
The Internet Light Fair showcased new Internet outcomes , new technologies , new applications worldwide , with different thematic exhibition areas and functional segments , selected globally renowned Internet enterprises and innovative enterprises according to different scientific classifications , pooled cutting @-@ edge results , showcased innovative technologies , and reflected the civilized light of Internet exchanges , the light of the future and the light of the world .
To take the example of the Fourth World Internet Congress &apos;s Innocenti Expo , which attracted 411 prominent domestic and foreign companies from around the world to the Expo , its products covered the latest results of global Internet technologies such as cloud computing , Internet of Things , artificial intelligence and the development of applied innovation and the digital economy , highlighting the features of global vision , innovation drive and open cooperation .
More than 110 events on the release of new technologies for new products and 10 Internet project cooperation thematic back @-@ to @-@ back sessions organized during the Congress provided a broad platform for global digital economic cooperation .
A paper test paper , scanned through a cell phone or tablet , can immediately identify the content and change it for distribution . Half a meter high unmanned car carries goods and can independently complete rapid delivery . By order of the host voice alone , the smart home can achieve voice shopping , cell phone charging , hawking , music broadcasting , and a centralized display of top @-@ level Internet science and technology results at the Internet Expo has become the wind mark of global science and technology industry and Internet development , creating a new platform for the exchange of state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art results .
Internet science and technology development for all
The innovative development driven by Internet technology is ultimately the creation of a better future for the peoples of the world and a more equitable , open and inclusive environment for human well @-@ being , economic development and social well @-@ being .
In a large Internet @-@ based country like China , Internet technology has a strong multiplier effect on specific applications .
For example , Beidou , China , provides high @-@ precision , high @-@ reliability positioning , speed @-@ measuring , timing services to users and has a unique short @-@ message communication capability ; the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology has a remodeling function for traditional industries , promoting industry progress , and playing an active role in many areas such as finance , transportation , health , safety , etc . ; and Earth communications technology has helped to effectively solve the problem of access to airplanes and high @-@ speed railways and improve users &apos; experience of Internet access .
According to the forty @-@ second China Internet Development Statistics Report released by the China Internet Information Center , as the largest Internet market in the world , China is promoting social development through the process of digitization .
And the dividends of Internet technology development are far from limited to China , and its results are a powerful driver of Internet development , and even of economic and social development , throughout the world .
For example , China &apos;s cross @-@ border electricity dealers and sharing economy have become increasingly supportive of world economic growth abroad ; China &apos;s cloud computing , big data , Internet of Things , mobile Internet , and other new generations of information technologies have accelerated the deepening of the global industrial division and economic restructuring , reshaping the competitive pattern of the global economy .
As outlined in the Uu Township Initiative launched at the Second World Internet Congress , sharing the results of network development and promoting the early formation of a global online market to create more jobs will provide a strong basis for sustained and healthy global economic development and allow more countries and people to take the fast trajectory of the information age .
Lu Liang @-@ shui has the name of a grocery kingdom .
From September 30 to October 7 , the second Lu Liang Special Functional Food Fair and the first farmers &apos; harvest festival were held in Lu Liang Fuyang , Shanxi .
During the event , representatives of officials from Lu Liang &apos;s quartz area , Vanyang city , Chengcheng county and Lang county invited tourists to experience the beauty of the countryside and jointly celebrate the farmers &apos; harvest festival .
On the eve of the National Day , during the autumn harvest season , Lu Liang City , which has long been known as the Kingdom of Miao Foodstuff , held a festival of Miao Foodstuff , at which more than 200 businessmen participated in exhibitions with 426 unique and functional foods .
Lu Liang &apos;s potato production is at the forefront of Shanxi . As one of the main production areas , Lang County has in recent years brought villagers out of poverty while developing their industry through the development of potato practices and the extension of the industrial chain . On the spot , exhibitors introduced the new potato eating method through the display of the potato dinner . Businessmen from Lin County brought fresh dates , green beans , peas , millet , etc .
Lu Liang has a long history of agriculture . Grain cultivation began in the New Stone Age . The soybeans , soybeans , barley , piles and others have four or five thousand years of cultivation , with date cultivation going back to West Han .
The unique climate and diverse topography form a large number of unique agricultural products of Lu Liang . They are well @-@ known nationwide production bases for dates , walnuts , petty grains and rosin @-@ type white liquor .
At present , the city of Lu Liang has tentatively formed a production base county characterized by Ling County , Luanlin Red Days , Fan Yang , Zhongyang Peach , Luan County Potatoes , Xing County small grocery grains , Fangshan Zhongshan Chinese medicine , oral dietary bacteria , filial vegetables , literary troughes , stone building honey , etc . , and has certified 1.6 million mu of non @-@ hazardous green organic product production areas and 172 products .
More than 200 merchants took part in exhibitions and exhibitions with 426 outstanding functional foods .
Li Zhengprinting , Vice Chairman of the Shanxi Provincial People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference and Party Secretary of Lu Liang City , said that the city will further expand the opening of agriculture to the outside world , promote the transfer of production and sales , and push Lu Liang to move more famous and functional foods to the country and to the world .
In addition to taking the fruit of the field garden , the beautiful taste of the grain farmers , the beauty of the countryside lies in visiting ecological villages and rewarding real @-@ time performances .
During the event , representatives of officials from the quartz , Fuyang , Changcheng and Lang counties presented to the participants their local scenic victories and invited tourists to visit the country in good faith .
Vice Mayor Li Hui @-@ yi of Vuyang city introduced that there were General Di Qing , General Baisheng of Song Dynasty , in Vuyang . There is now a famous director , Jia Zhangke . In addition to the popular folklore and other folklore culture such as Yin Dynasty in Vuzhou , there are also the Chinese Almond Villages in tourist attractions , where Jia Jiazhuang is revitalized in the countryside , Guwen Lake of the Ecological Sacred Land , Mingbei Lin Shin on the side , and the Zhuang River is shelved for leisure .
The implementation of the Rural Renewal Strategy and the promotion of agricultural supply @-@ side reforms is a means for Lu Liang to reduce poverty as a stranded region .
Li ZhengIng @-@ wen frankly said that winning the battle against poverty is a very important way to reduce poverty and reduce poverty through consumption and poverty . We fervently hope that friends from all walks of life will buy the products of poor areas and lay down their love for the poor and the poor .
The event , which focused on celebrating harvest success , promoting culture and revitalizing the countryside , aimed to invite tourists to specialty hills , reward folk culture , swimming Lu Liang &apos;s beauty , and create a batch of agricultural and functional food famous brands with high honor and market competitiveness , such as Lu Liang &apos;s mandrel and grocery grains , through such activities as village tourism , folklore performances , beautiful food , special agricultural products and functional food exhibitions .
During the event , an event will also be held to solicit investment and trade contracts , as well as awarding prizes to the top 10 rich farmers , the top 10 rich farmers , and the top 10 good kitchen .
The Xiamen Municipal People &apos;s Government recently issued a notice that , starting from October 1 , migrant workers who hold Xiamen City residence permits for five consecutive years , who process employment registration procedures in Xiamen City and participate in social pension insurance for five consecutive years , and who own the &quot; Xiamen City Land Housing Rights Certificate &quot; in Xiamen , can move their residence registration .
Residents with household registration in the United States , the Haikang region , the Kang &apos;an region or the Yan &apos;an region who have reached the fifth anniversary have obtained employment registration procedures in Xiamen city and have completed the fifth consecutive year of participation in Xiamen city social pension insurance . Residents with the &quot; Xiamen City Land Housing Rights Certificate &quot; in the Ximing and Huni regions can move their household registration to the Ximing and Huni regions .
At present , there are six municipal districts in Xiamen city , divided into the Myint and Lake regions on the island ; the offshore ocean areas , the United States , the Kang &apos;an region and the Yang &apos;an region .
This is the first time since August 2010 that Xiamen has relaxed the conditions in Xiamen Island .
inhua News Agency , Fuzhou , October 1 ( Reporter Tai Xiaoan ) On October 1 , the &quot; Regulations on the Safety Management of the Fujian Highway &quot; was officially implemented .
The regulations state that the lifting of kites , balloons , perforated lamps , aircraft and other airborne objects and small aircraft shall be prohibited within 500 meters of each side of the high @-@ speed electrical line conductors .
Provision is made to supplement the prohibitions and restrictions affecting the safety of high @-@ speed railways , to regulate construction and tree planting along high @-@ speed railways , to further clarify the subject matter and scope of supervision of high @-@ speed railways , and to clarify the responsibilities and legal responsibilities for law enforcement and supervision , on the basis of the superior laws such as the Railway Safety Regulations of the People &apos;s Republic of China Law and the geo @-@ climatic characteristics of Fujian province .
The regulations prohibit the lifting of airborne materials and small aircraft such as kites , balloons , Kong Ming lamps , power umbrellas , aircraft , etc . , within 500 meters of each side of the high @-@ speed power line wire , in response to the frequent occurrence of large winds along the coast of Fujian province and the impact on safety of light construction ( construction ) materials and light cargo along the high @-@ speed railway .
In addition , light objects along high @-@ speed railways , such as plastic sheds , colour steel panels , sunscreen masks and light creams such as low @-@ altitude floats and plastic protective films generated during construction , should be protected against harm to the safety of high @-@ speed railways by enhanced protection measures to be taken by all or users .
n response to the characteristics of Fujian Province in hilly areas and high @-@ speed rail tunnels , it is stipulated that railway construction units or railway transport enterprises should be consulted on actions that may affect the safety of the tunnels , including the construction of mountain ponds , reservoirs , dams , digging of rivers , drainage channels , drilling of wells , etc . , within 200 meters of each side of the center line above the high @-@ speed rail tunnels .
At the same time , those responsible for violating the provisions of the Regulations will be ordered to correct them by the public security organs ; if the circumstances are more serious , they will be punished by a fine not exceeding RMB 50 million and a fine not exceeding RMB 200 million and a fine not exceeding RMB 500 million ; if the circumstances are serious , they will be punished by a fine not exceeding RMB 10,000 to 30,000 and a fine not exceeding RMB 500 million .
Where damage has been caused , liability shall be established by law .
ccording to reports , with the rapid development of railway construction , the speed of the high @-@ speed railway in Fujian province at 200 kilometers per hour and above has now reached 1516 kilometers . It has achieved a city bus , and is expected to reach 2,150 kilometers per hour in Fujian and above in the next five years .
The implementation of this provision will standardize the safety management of high @-@ speed railways in Fujian province , further implement the responsibilities of local government departments , integrate railways with local forces , work together to safeguard high @-@ speed railway safety , and improve the safety and control system of high @-@ speed railways in Fujian province .
Reuters , November 5 , Hong Kong - China &apos;s largest beer producer , O291.HK , announced on Monday that Hineken / Heineken ( HEIN . AS ) &apos;s six beer factories in the Mainland and all of Hiny Hong Kong &apos;s issued equity were purchased through its own Chinese snow beer at a total cost of about HK $ 2,355 million .
At the same time , the company signed a trademark licensing association with Hope to authorize the production , marketing , distribution and sale of licensed products using the relevant Heineken Mark in mainland China , Hong Kong and Macao for a period of 20 years , with subsequent extensions of 10 years each under the same terms and conditions until the termination of the trademark licensing agreement .
uan Beer announced in August this year that its directly controlled shareholder , Huwei Group ( Beer ) Limited , had entered into an equity cooperation agreement with HK $ 28.5 billion .
At the same time , the Chinese beer entered into long @-@ term strategic cooperation arrangements with the appetite , which included the acquisition of existing operations in China , Hong Kong and Macao and their integration with the Chinese beer operations in China .
Sub @-@ transactions are further implementation of the cooperation agreement .
The Hua &apos;an beer said that the long @-@ term cooperative relationship between the two sides would be highly complementary , as the favourite deal provided an important strategic , long @-@ term opportunity for the group to expand to the high @-@ end beer market and to develop and enhance its value .
Huayun Beer closed last Friday with 28.85 HK dollars , a drop of nearly 4.5 % over the past month .
The number of people killed or as many as several thousand killed in the aftermath of the strong earthquake tsunami in Indonesia @ - @ CNS
According to the comprehensive report , a 7.5 @-@ magnitude shallow earthquake struck Surawesi Island , Indonesia , on 28 September , triggering a 6 @-@ metre tsunami .
The National Disaster Response Agency announced on 30 September that the number of deaths had increased to 832 , mainly in the capital , Palu , and in Donggara district adjacent to the epicentre of the earthquake .
Vice @-@ President Kara noted that , as the number of casualties in some of the affected areas remained uncalculated , the number of fatalities could be as high as thousands .
The strong earthquake in Central Sulawesi Province , Indonesia , on the afternoon of 28 September , and the tsunami that triggered it have resulted in 832 deaths .
2.4 million people affected by the collapse of thousands of buildings
As a result of the devastation that followed the Palu disaster , thousands of buildings collapsed and several roads were broken , according to the authorities , an estimated 2.4 million people were affected .
A hotel on the local coast collapsed , with only 24 guests escaping safely and an estimated 50 to 60 people trapped in rubble , with occasional calls for help , and relief workers successfully rescued a young woman on 30 September .
The authorities have been unable to use heavy machinery to remove rubble and have been slow in the search and rescue process because of the need to ensure the safety of those trapped .
A shopping mall also collapsed in the city , where hundreds of residents rushed to wait for news from relatives and friends .
Many residents used social platforms to send messages in search of separated relatives and friends .
On September 30 , local time , a hotel collapsed and relief work began in the Indonesian city of Central Sulawesi Baru .
The whereabouts of 10 thousand persons in Palu awaiting rescue : 5 foreigners
According to the authorities , some 10,000 people are waiting to be rescued in Palu city , scattered across 50 locations .
At the time of the earthquake , 71 foreigners were known to be in Palu , of whom 66 were temporarily known to be safe , including 21 Chinese citizens , while the whereabouts of the remaining two French , two Malaysian tourists and one Korean were unknown .
The Chinese Embassy in Indonesia is seeking to verify the situation of Chinese citizens in the affected areas through various channels and has not yet received reports of casualties among Chinese citizens .
Communications in Donggara district , near the epicentre of the earthquake , remained suspended and 11 people were temporarily informed of their deaths , but no further details were available .
According to scene images , coastal areas and ports in Donggara county were severely damaged , a large number of buildings were rolled away , bodies were scattered and Red Cross rescue teams were travelling to the area for search and rescue .
Indonesian President &apos;s inspection of the disaster situation said that reconstruction work would begin as soon as possible
The roads in Palu and Donggara were severely damaged , and on 30 September the Palu airport opened for use only by aircraft transporting relief supplies , allowing relief supplies and personnel to arrive as soon as possible and to evacuate seriously injured persons .
Many of the local hospitals are still without electricity and the wounded are being treated outside the home .
More than 10,000 people were in reception centres , and some feared that the aftershocks would not dare to go home , preferring to stay outdoors overnight .
Following the collapse of the Palu prison in the earthquake , which led to the escape of hundreds of prisoners , more than 100 prisoners in Donggara county also escaped during the chaos caused by the earthquake , and prisoners set fire to disturbances in detention centres .
The President of Indonesia , Joko , visited Palu on 30 September and stated that it was very difficult to resolve a large number of problems in a short period of time , including the resumption of communications .
He appealed to the affected population for patience and said that the authorities would begin the reconstruction process as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the Minister of Finance of Indonesia announced that the Government had allocated 560 billion Indonesian guilders for disaster relief .
One confirmed case of H5N6 bird flu infection in Guangdong Province
According to the latest report from the Mainland Department of Health , Guangdong Province confirmed one case of a person infected with H5N6 bird flu .
The Department calls on the population to avoid exposure to birds and to pay attention to personal and food hygiene .
According to the information , the patient is a 22 @-@ year @-@ old man and currently resides in Bai Yun District , Guangzhou City , Guangdong Province . Due to symptoms such as fever on September 25 , he was admitted to hospital for treatment on September 26 and is currently being treated in isolation in the hospital .
Patients were slaughtered and eaten live poultry before they became sick .
Since April 2014 , there have been confirmed cases of H5N6 bird flu in Sichuan , Guangdong , Yunnan , Hubei , Hunan , Anhui and Guangxi Gang Autonomous Regions .
The Department of Health is in close contact with the national and neighbouring health departments and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) on a continuous basis to closely monitor the epidemic in various localities and Australia .
To prevent human exposure to avian flu , the Health Bureau calls the attention of the public to the following matters :
Avoid exposure to poultry birds or their secrets , excreta ; if there is exposure , wash hands immediately ;
Do not buy and carry unquarantined birds ;
Do not eat bird meat , visceral , blood products and eggs that are not fully cooked ;
Pay attention to personal hygiene and often wash hands ;
If symptoms such as fever , cough and breathing difficulties arise , they should wear masks and seek medical attention as soon as possible , and give doctors detailed information on travel history and animal exposure history .
The footsteps of the Import Expo are approaching . The Shanghai City Image Film of the Import Expo , which was screened by land , sea and air in the past few months , has been beautifully updated today .
Shanghai had never lacked dynamism , which had been more forcefully unleashed today , when it opened its markets further to the world .
Lin Luang &apos;s new state of business is not easy enough for households to buy global convenience . Everywhere it goes , it is an amazing experience of innovative fashion , and moving images have built a greenfield and dynamic Shanghai .
Being in Shanghai is a kind of feeling that I understand first @-@ hand .
I put myself into it and felt it with heart . At this moment , no matter where you come from , let us meet in Shanghai .
During its visit to China , the Government delegation from the region of the Russian coast signed a framework agreement for the construction of the international cultural tourism complex , the Russian House .
The Russian village project plans to build 200 houses of different construction styles , commercial streets and the international conference hall .
The project hopes to attract more Chinese tourists .
Chinese have a strong interest in Russian culture .
Chinese investors estimate the total value of the project to be 3 billion rubles .
The competition lasted two days , with airline competitions and long @-@ distance competitions , with 21 fleets divided into two groups , A and B .
There are a total of 21 fleets from China , the United States , the Netherlands and Thailand , with more than 100 athletes participating .
In the competition , several sailing boats met each other on the track .
On the same day , the sunshine in the city of Lanzhou was sunny , and the athletes raised the sails in the autumn of the showers , while the red sails were floating in the Bibo .
The people on the coast enjoy the competition of the sailing boats in the green waters of Qingshan , and from time to time make a joyous call .
Red sails are swollen in the Bibo .
It is reported that Hobie16 non @-@ motorized sailing is a versatile sailing ship that relies on wind power and can flush directly to the beach without the need for berths at the terminal . It was born in 1970 and is one of the highest in the world .
Red sails cross in Green Water and Qingshan .
Hobie16 International Inner River Sailing Open is one of the series competitions in the International Water Leisure Games in Lanzhou , China , 2018 .
The Water Leisure Games also include the International Water Motorcycle Open , the City Sand Beach Gas Volleyball and the Pimp Run Competition .
Chinanews.com , October 1 - In 2018 , a French man named Jean @ - @ Claude Arnault disrupted the pace of the Nobel Prize for being accused of assaulting more than a dozen women .
His wife is a member of the Swedish Faculty of Literature and is also a Nobel Prize Board for Literature .
On the first day of local time , the Swedish court sentenced Arnault to two years &apos; imprisonment .
Arnault , 71 years old , is known to be a photographer and a powerful figure in Swedish culture , accused of assaulting more than a dozen women .
The discredited Swedish Institute of Literature announced in May this year its decision to cancel the 2018 Nobel Prize for Literature .
The reporter learned from China Railways that today , the national railway is approaching the peak of the National Day holiday passenger flow . It is expected that 161.9 million passengers will be dispatched and 714 more passenger trains will be driven . Of these , 136 will be the medium @-@ distance passenger trains of the Trans @-@ railway Bureau and 578 will be the passenger trains of the railway bureau .
On September 30 , the country &apos;s railways sent 1,3108,000 passengers , an increase of 584,000 over the previous year , an increase of 4.7 % , and a smooth and orderly railway transport throughout the country .
Among them , the Shanghai Bureau Group Company sent 2.56 million passengers , an increase of 202,000 , an increase of 8.5 per cent ; the Guangzhou Bureau Group Company sent 1.855 million passengers , an increase of 212,000 , an increase of 12.9 per cent ; and the Beijing Bureau Group Company sent 1.283,000 passengers , an increase of 20,000 , an increase of 1.6 per cent .
On October 1 , the Guangzhou Shenzhen Highway is expected to send 300,000 passengers ( 55,000 passengers ) and travel passenger trains 137 times ( 83 passengers ) ; the Hajia Railway is expected to send 28,000 passengers and travel passenger trains 30 times .
In order to meet the need for concentrated travel of vacation passengers , the railway department scientifically organizes the capacity , optimizes the stop service , and facilitates the travel of passengers .
The Jinan Bureau Group Company set up a special section on cultural holidays in Tai Prefecture and Chuanyun Salt City ; the Nanning Bureau Group Company set up a tour in Guangxi Nanning , Guilin to Inner Mongolia under the banner of Jinnah , Guizhou under the banner of Guizhou and Hubei Yichang ; the Lanzhou Bureau Group Company set up a seven @-@ way fall special section on tourism ; the Lanzhou Bureau Group Company set up a Dunsheng to Sonbei under the banner system of 7,528 / 7527 passenger trains , ending the history of the Sonbei Mongolian Autonomous Prefecture and Akhasak Autonomous Prefecture as incapable of transporting passenger trains ; the Urumqi Bureau Group Company set up a tour to navigate the northern boundary in an open tour of the northern boundary and other tourist trains 102
In order to express their blessings to the motherland , railway stations all over the country organize celebrations of the motherland .
At the main railway stations of the Zhengzhou Bureau , I held a joint interview with the national flag , and I praise the motherland . On the 586 high @-@ speed railway from Wuhan to Beijing , the Wuhan Bureau Group Company , G586 times , amorous five @-@ star red flags packed the car compartment to the ocean . The train occupants and passengers jointly performed a high @-@ speed railway concert . On the D5082 train in the Huangdu Plateau in Shaanxi , Xi &apos;an Bureau , the train staff dressed in car compartments with giggars symbolizing a good harvest and pepper to celebrate the motherland .
The railway department has reminded a large number of travelers friends that travelers traveling more intensively during the holiday period . If they have successfully booked through the Internet or telephone , but have not yet obtained tickets , please pick them up as early as possible . Please carry the tickets and valid identification documents consistent with the ticket face information by car , and reserve sufficient time for ticket collection , security check , ticket checking and exchange to avoid delays in the journey .
Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said in a speech to the US Foreign Relations Commission on Friday that the Sino @-@ US relationship is now once again at a crossroads , and that if the two sides can take a positive and inclusive view of each other , expand their positive cooperation , and properly manage their differences , they can open up better prospects .
Sino @-@ American relations are our common asset and need our mutual protection .
He expressed the hope that intelligent people from all walks of life in the two countries would take concrete action to maintain the healthy and stable development of Sino @-@ US relations and jointly push the Sino @-@ US relations in the right direction .
Wang Yi also re @-@ emphasized that China will definitely take a different development path from that of the traditional great powers .
This path , which has Chinese characteristics , determines that China will not and cannot repeat the mistakes of being a hegemon of the powerful and powerful . It also determines that China will neither become the United States , will not challenge the United States , and will not replace the United States .
In his speech entitled &quot; Opportunities or Challenges , Partners or Counterparties , &quot; Wang Yi said that the deeper problem with the current problem lies in the fact that some American friends believe that China will also dominate the country and even challenge and replace America &apos;s leadership position in the world .
This is clearly a major strategic miscalculation .
According to him , however , this self @-@ imagined suspicion is spreading , exacerbating existing contradictions , creating new ones , and making it more difficult and difficult to solve specific problems between China and the US .
Wang Yi pointed out that China follows a path of peaceful development .
The Chinese have never had the genes for external expansion .
Believing that nations can live together harmoniously and share lessons .
Whether in the past , now , or in the future , China will neither replicate the foreign model nor ask others to replicate China &apos;s practices .
Earlier in his meeting with former US Secretary of State Kissinger in New York , Wang Yi said that Sino @-@ US cooperation would win , and confrontation would inevitably lose .
China has always been committed to developing long @-@ term healthy and stable Sino @-@ American relations and achieving non @-@ confrontation , mutual respect and win @-@ win cooperation .
The China National New Office held a press conference on Tuesday to introduce and interpret the white paper &quot; Facts and China &apos;s Position on China &apos;s Economic and Trade Friction . &quot;
At the launch , Chinese Vice Minister of Commerce Fu Zhihe said that China was willing to work hard to move bilateral trade in a more balanced direction , and hoped that the US would also show a positive stance .
Chinanews.com , October 1 - According to foreign media reports , Sulawesi Island , Indonesia , was hit by a powerful earthquake tsunami on September 28 , causing serious damage to several cities along the coast . The latest news shows that the number of people killed has risen to 1,200 .
The town of Donggala , near the epicentre of the earthquake , was reportedly hit by two waves of tsunamis , and the authorities believe that the number of people killed will continue to rise as 72 hours of gold aid pass .
On 30 September 2018 , local time , Palu , Middle Sulawesi Province , Indonesia , rescued a survivor of the earthquake who had been rescued from the ruins of the cafeteria .
Officials from the relief department said that the tsunami had caused a wave of up to 6 metres and that the earthquake and tsunami had affected more than originally estimated .
According to reports , hundreds of people were celebrating festivals on Palu &apos;s beaches at the time of the earthquake and tsunami , and many were killed by waves .
Officials said that the tsunami hit the shore at 800 kilometers per hour and many buildings and infrastructure were destroyed .
He said that thousands of houses , hospitals , shopping malls and hotels had collapsed and that the tsunami @-@ induced mudslides had cut off a major road in Palu .
A bridge across coastal rivers collapsed in Sulawesi .
On 30 September local time , Indonesian President Joko visited the city of Central Sulawesi Palu , where the earthquake occurred .
Indonesian President Joko visited the disaster area on 30 September , saying that he had sent troops to assist in search and rescue and calling on the affected population to be durable .
Zoko noted that relief operations were difficult due to the shortage of heavy machinery and manpower .
He was informed of the shortage of supplies such as water , food and fuel in many parts of the disaster area , as well as the fact that a number of businesses had closed down after the earthquake and had dispatched aircraft to deliver air @-@ delivered materials .
He appealed to the affected population to be durable and to remain in their original positions pending relief .
ccording to the search and rescue personnel in the city of Palu , calls for help were heard from a collapsed hotel in the city , but some needed to be rescued in vain due to the absence of heavy machinery to remove rubble .
Vice @-@ President Kalla of Indonesia said that the disruption of electricity and communications in some areas had led to a lack of access to information and that the number of deaths caused by the earthquake and tsunami could eventually rise to thousands .
CCWN , Shenyang , November 5 ( Reporter Xu Zhiqiang , correspondent Yang Yina ) The reporter learned today from the Basic Resolution of Enforcement Difficulties Conference of the provincial court in Liaoning that the provincial court in Liaoning , during its half @-@ year campaign to carry out the storm , severely combated the refusal to carry out the crime and handed over 241 people who refused to carry out the crime , maintaining the high @-@ pressure trend of combating the crime of refusing to carry out the crime .
According to reports , according to the unified deployment of the Liaoning High Court , from the beginning of April until the end of September , the Liaoning court launched a six @-@ month basic solution to the difficulty of implementing the storm , pooling its strengths and launching a comprehensive general attack on the difficulty of implementing the basic solution .
At the same time , the provincial court organized , in accordance with the law , a group of fines , a group of detentions , a group of restrictions on consumption , a group of distrustworthy punishments , and a group of five attempts to transfer a group of disobedient prisoners .
At the beginning of the campaign , there were more than 132,000 outstanding enforcement cases in provincial courts , which were closed at the end of July .
In the campaign , the provincial court fined the executee a total of 1206.07 million yuan , detained 4,146 people , restricted consumption of 16,2844 people , punished 55,128 people for mistrust , and transferred 241 people for disobedience .
From January to October this year , the Liaoning court handled a total of 29,7438 enforcement cases , an increase of 13.28 per cent year on year ; closed 2,26558 cases , an increase of 83.18 per cent year on year ; and implemented 31,236 million yuan , an increase of 74.94 per cent year on year .
May I ask , where can I take a taxi ?
We want to go to Jin Zijing Square to watch the flag @-@ raising ceremony on National Day !
Song Song and his wife , who had deliberately flown from Ningxia to Shenzhen to take the national holiday bus on the Guangzhou @-@ Shenzhen high @-@ speed railway in Shenzhen , were interviewed by China News Agency reporters on the morning of October 1 at the Wuyilong station in Hong Kong .
On the morning of October 1 , to celebrate the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People &apos;s Republic of China , the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region held a solemn flag @-@ raising ceremony in Jin Zijing Square .
ccording to immigration control station statistics , as of September 30 , the number of passengers entering Hong Kong through the high @-@ speed West Jiulong station had exceeded 300,000 .
On the occasion of the 69th anniversary of the Chinese motherland &apos;s Christmas , the West Kyulong border post predicted a peak of tourist visits to Hong Kong on October 1st and 2nd .
The reporter saw them at about 7 a.m. on the 1st in the main entrance hall . Many mainland tourists took advantage of the national holiday of Huang Jin Week to set up high @-@ speed railways and travel to Hong Kong .
Mrs. Song , who walked lightly , told the reporter that the National Day holiday was a rare long holiday in a year , and she had always wanted to go to Jin Zijing Square in Hong Kong to see the flag raised . She was particularly happy and excited that she could reach this wish on National Day .
However , at present , Ningxia &apos;s flights to and from Hong Kong are inconvenient . It &apos;s fine to get a high @-@ speed rail service in Hong Kong . After checking the train schedule , Mr. Song found that the first shuttle could arrive at 7 : 3 a.m. and connect the city &apos;s internal transportation to Jin Zijing Square . The time was just over .
He sighed with the reporter : It &apos; s really too convenient to use the high - speed railway , and it &apos; s too soon !
Daily shuttle trains to and from southern Guangzhou , northern Shenzhen , and Futian and Xi Jiulong in 70 shifts within one hour greatly facilitated the arrival of residents of Cantonese Hong Kong and Macau in Hong Kong .
When Mr. Liu , who lives in Shenzhen , arrives in Hong Kong , he is preparing to go to the Hong Kong friends of the Central Ring Mountains who come together .
Mr. Liu said : The Mainland and Hong Kong are both on holidays during the National Day . We plan to challenge ourselves and see if we can complete the 50 @-@ kilometre path of the port island !
He explained that they would not dare to easily try such a long distance of mountain activity without high @-@ speed rail opening , ease of communication and sufficient time .
Mrs. Yang from Dongguan came to Hong Kong with her 10 @-@ year @-@ old son on a high @-@ speed railway to participate in the piano competition . She proudly told the reporter that her son had been studying the piano for three years and had spent the national holiday in this way , which made sense .
Before she arrived in Hong Kong , she had been using buses , but it was time @-@ consuming . She was worried about affecting her son &apos;s condition . She came by high @-@ speed rail in Shenzhen this time , making customs clearance convenient and spending half her time . She was even more impressed by the journey in the Hong Kong section . She told the reporter : It seemed like she was sitting on the subway , and it was extremely fast . I had n &apos;t had enough time to take pictures .
On September 23 , at 6 : 44 , the G5711 high @-@ speed rail train headed from the northern station of Shenzhen , traveling to the Hong Kong section of the Guangzhou @-@ Shenzhen high @-@ speed railway . It was the first officially operating high @-@ speed rail train to be launched in the Hong Kong section .
The Hong Kong section of the high @-@ speed railway , which is integrated into the country &apos;s 25,000 @-@ kilometre high @-@ speed railway network and reaches 38 long @-@ distance stations across the country , also hosts mainland tourists from different provinces of Tiannan and Northland .
Mr. Gao , who came to visit his family from Changsha to Hong Kong on a small holiday , told the reporter that before , the high @-@ speed railway could only sit north of Shenzhen , cross the subway to Hong Kong and then pass through the city &apos;s internal transportation system , exchange for trouble and time , and now sit directly at the Jiulong Center , and can eat the luncheon made by their children when they arrive at home . I feel very happy .
He said that the two inspections were more convenient than imagined , less than 10 minutes later , and both had passed .
The West Kyulong station , which is immediately adjacent to the airport fast line and connects land , air and air traffic , has also become the preferred place for many transit passengers .
Miss Wu from Fujian is preparing to go from Hong Kong to the Philippines to spend the Golden Week with her daughters . She pushed her luggage at the Jiuyong stop . She told reporters without hesitation that she was originally afraid of not being able to catch up with the plane . She didn &apos;t expect it so fast . She had more than enough time !
According to the trade agreement ancillary arrangement announced Monday , the new US trade agreement @ - @ Mexico @ - will retain US President Donald Trump &apos;s ability to implement a 25 % tariff threat on imported cars , while substantially exempting passenger cars , pickups , and car parts imported from Canada and Mexico from tariffs .
If Trump imposes so @-@ called drops of 232 on cars for national @-@ security reasons , both Mexico and Canada will have 2.6 million taxable passenger cars exported annually to the US .
Under the ancillary arrangements , pickups produced in both countries would be granted full tariff exemptions .
If Trump imposes tariffs on cars , Mexico will receive $ 108 billion a year in tax exemptions for automobile parts , and Canada will receive $ 32.4 billion .
Both quotas are well above current production levels in both countries and provide scope for export growth in both countries .
WASHINGTON , DC / Mexico , September 28 - Mexico said on Friday that , after days of debate , US President Donald Trump &apos;s administration and Canada are making real efforts to resolve their trade @-@ policy differences and give hope that the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) will remain in the form of a tripartite agreement .
Despite this lack of detail , the apparent progress was sufficient to induce the Governments of Mexico and the United States to abruptly halt plans to publish the text of the bilateral trade agreement , giving Canada more time to join the agreement .
Mexico &apos;s president @-@ designate , Andrés Manuel Lopez Obrador , told journalists in Mexico that the US government had made new counter @-@ proposals to the Canadian government and that he would continue to press for the participation of all three countries in NAFTA .
According to the Mexican Minister of Economy , Ildefonso Guajardo , the submission of the text of the United States @-@ Mexico bilateral trade agreement to Mexican and United States legislation was delayed because the Canadian and United States administrations tried very hard to reach an agreement .
Guajaldo said that in the next 48 hours , we will know whether we will reach a text of the tripartite agreement or whether we will have to publish the text of the bilateral agreement .
Guajaldo said that his American and Canadian counterparts had specifically asked for the release of the text to be delayed .
The speaker from the United States Office of the Trade Representative ( USSTR ) did not comment on the text of the United States @-@ Mexico bilateral trade agreement and the consultations between the United States and Canada .
Officials from the Office of the Prime Minister and the Office of the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Canada did not respond to the request for comments on the counter @-@ proposal .
According to foreign media reports , in a nursery centre on the outskirts of the capital of South Africa , Pretoria , it is hard to see any anomalies in the two little lion playing together , but none of them are .
The University of Pretoria announced that it was the first child ever born in artificial fertilization -- the first pair in the world .
In @-@ school scientists are working to study the reproductive system of the mother African lion .
Ganswin , Director of the Mammalian Institute at the University of Pretoria , said that the two young lion , born on 25 August , were very healthy and normal .
After 18 months of intensive experimentation , his team was able to reach this breakthrough .
Ganswin said in an interview with the media : &quot; We collected sperm from a healthy lion . &quot;
Then , when the hormone content in the mother &apos;s lion reaches the appropriate level , the researcher gives it artificial fertilization .
Ganswin said : Fortunately , the results were successful .
He said that the researchers had tried several times , but surprisingly so little effort had been spent .
e said that the aforementioned research breakthroughs can be verified repeatedly , and scientists hope that this technology can be used to rescue large cats on the verge of extinction .
The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) noted that the Lions had been eradicated in 26 countries in Africa and that the total number of surviving wild Lions had fallen sharply by 43 per cent over the past 20 years , leaving only about 20,000 left .
African lion is classified by the organization as a endangered animal .
Ganswin said : If we don &apos;t do something for these animals , they will face extinction .
The new technology , he said , did not require that the lion be fed , but simply that the sperm be injected into a pregnant lion , as had been done in North America and Europe with regard to ring elephants .
South Korea &apos;s exports fell the largest in more than two years in September , but analysts attributed the decline to fewer working days and said that , despite rising trade tensions between China and the US , global demand for South Korea &apos;s commodities remained strong .
Indeed , South Korea &apos;s exports increased every day last month .
In addition , early release of preliminary data indicated a double @-@ digit increase in exports in the first weeks of September , before long holidays .
South Korea &apos;s exports fell the largest year @-@ on @-@ year since July 2016 , by 5.7 % more than predicted by the Reuters survey &apos;s 11 analysts .
The initial value released on Monday showed that exports in September were $ 50.6 billion , down from $ 51.2 billion in August .
South Korea &apos;s exports to China grew by 7.8 % in September , for the twenty @-@ third consecutive month , despite concerns that growing US @-@ China trade disputes could hurt other export @-@ dependent Chinese neighbors as well .
South Korea &apos;s exports to the United States fell by 11.8 per cent , owing to a decline in the sale of petroleum products .
South Korea &apos;s memory chip and oil product sales abroad increased by 28.3 % and 13.5 % , respectively , despite market concerns that the so @-@ called chip super @-@ cycle may have peaked .
The impact of the trade conflict will be inevitable , however , as South Korea relies heavily on the US and Chinese markets for its exports .
Imports declined by between 2.1 per cent and $ 40.8 billion , which is less than the 3.1 per cent increase estimated in the Reuters survey .
The initial trade surplus in September was $ 9.7 billion , up from $ 6.9 billion in August .
According to the Ministry of Industry , as a result of the US and EU countries , global manufacturing will remain robust , which is a beneficial factor for South Korean exports .
he statement pointed out that the increase in export prices caused by the rise in oil prices will also benefit exports in the second half of this year .
The continuation of the trade conflict between the United States and China , coupled with increased market volatility following the US interest rate hike , are all negative pressures on exports .
Exports increased from an average of $ 2.6 billion per working day in September to $ 2.1 billion in August .
South Korea fell on September 24 @ - @ 26 this year , so there were only 19.5 working days in September , four days less than the same period last year .
Korea 1 @ - @ September exports grew by 4.7 % compared to the same period last year .
According to the Nikkei / Markit Purchase Managers Index , manufacturing activity in South Korea rebounded in September , but was buttressed by domestic orders , owing to the decline in orders from China and Japan , which feared the prospect of another export .
North Korean media criticize the United States for not easing sanctions against North Korea
On September 30 , North Korea &apos;s &quot; Labor News &quot; published a signed commentary criticizing the United States for not easing sanctions against North Korea while seeking dialogue with North Korea , calling this a contradictory practice .
he article said that U.S. Secretary of State Pompeo said on the 14th that in order to realize the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , the key is to implement the sanctions regime against North Korea , emphasizing that America &apos;s position on continuing to implement the UN sanctions resolutions remains unchanged .
In Singapore &apos;s joint North Korea @-@ United States statement , both sides pledged to establish a new North Korea @-@ United States relationship commensurate with the aspirations of the two peoples for peace and prosperity .
It would undoubtedly be contradictory for the United States to increase its efforts to crack down on sanctions while calling for dialogue .
The article said that if a new North Korea @-@ United States relationship is to be established , a permanently consolidated peace regime built on the Korean peninsula , and the Korean peninsula is to be completely denuclearized , confidence @-@ building should be put first , starting with what can be done , and a phased solution should be reached one by one .
The article also said that the United States should understand that a sanctions crackdown would not work for North Korea .
The article said that even before Mount Tomka , the Japanese army lamented it .
The magazine &quot; National Interest &quot; quoted the US Navy as saying : &quot; We will meet a strong potential opponent . Let &apos;s just look at the Northwestern German language and the submarine . &quot;
The current commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the US Navy in Europe , Fogo , has also praised the Northwestern German @-@ language submarine .
He said : The submarine is impressive . Looking at the development of the Russian navy and how resources are used , one can know that its main effort in research and development is first and foremost to strengthen the submarine fleet .
But the journal National Interests continues to believe that the US maintains an advantage over Russia in this area .
Fogo said : I believe that Western countries still have asymmetrical advantages .
Earlier , there was information that the Russian navy would install a submarine called Mount Tanaka in 2019 .
The multi @-@ purpose submarines of the Monsanto , the Novo @-@ Bernabrilla , the Mono @-@ Crasnoyarsk and the Mono @-@ Arkhangelskolsk are all vertebra @ - @ M @-@ revamped , with a displacement of 13,800 tons , a submarine depth of 520 metres , a staffing complement of 64 and an underwater navigational speed of 31 sections , which will carry mines , torpedoes and diapers , as well as onyx marinas cruise missiles .
Xinjing News ( Reporter Ni Wei ) On September 29 , the Radio and Television Administration issued a Circular on Launching Special Management Work on Radio and Television Advertising , starting immediately until the end of the year .
The content includes advertisements on low @-@ quality content , tone and low @-@ grade issues , and unrecorded broadcast programmes on medical sustenance .
According to the notice , the focus of the special remediation work this time was on finding and restructuring around nine areas .
These include : advertisements with problems of orientation ; advertisements with problems of low content , tone and grade ; advertisements with excessive and irregular broadcasting ; advertisements with problems of exaggerating false propaganda , misleading audiences , or disguised distribution in the form of programmes ; advertisements with problems of medical care , medicines , medical equipment , health food , cosmetics , cosmetics , cosmetics , etc . ; unrecorded and unauthorized broadcasting of problematic medical breeding programmes ; advertisements with expectations of return on investment that exaggerate false advertising , mislead audiences , lure the audience into becoming deceived ; advertisements with problems of inducing minors to behave improperly or to develop bad values to the detriment of the mental and physical health of minors ; advertisements with problems of prolonged and frequent broadcasting of public service advertisements that fail to meet the requirements ; advertisements with inadequate advertising management systems , inadequate censorship and inadequate accountability ; advertisements with other
This remediation will be fully covered throughout the country , and the requirements of the remediation and regulation will be fully implemented to all levels of the radio and television media , frequency of channels , programmes and time slots , leaving no blind areas , no dead corners , and no exceptions .
The notice requires that all types of illegal advertisements discovered in the supervisory inspection be handled by the Radio and Television Administration at all levels in strict compliance with the General Administration &apos;s &quot; Measures for Handling Irregularities in Radio and Television Broadcasting Agencies . &quot;
If the violations are serious , they should be seriously dealt with , such as admonition , notification of criticism , suspension of advertisement broadcasts until frequency channel broadcasts are suspended , and publicly exposed to the public as appropriate .
In recent years , the General Directorate of Radio and Television has repeatedly suspended illegal advertisements .
This year , the State Radio and Television Administration issued a notice publicly calling off advertisements containing serious irregularities such as deviations and exaggerating exaggerated propaganda and misleading audiences .
The General Directorate of Radio and Television has prepared a number of regulations and circulars regulating the broadcasting of radio and television advertisements .
The Circular on Further Strengthening the Administration of Television Shopping Short Television Advertising stipulates that TV Shopping Short Television Advertising shall not be broadcast between 1800 and 2400 hours per day .
When television shopping short film advertisements are broadcast at other times , they may not use the host to publicize them , they may not use the banquet @-@ selling style to promote them , they may not use the banquet , the banquet , the banquet , the banquet , the banquet , the banquet , the banquet , or other propaganda or disguised propaganda to promote rich chest and reduced weight products , and they may not broadcast television shopping short film advertisements every hour for more than one ( second ) article for no more than three minutes each .
The Circular on Further Strengthening the Regulation of Broadcasting of Radio and Television Advertisements stipulates that television stations must strictly abide by the provisions of the General Directorate &apos;s Order No. 61 when inserting advertisements in movies : 2 commercial advertisements per episode of non @-@ golden time ( in 45 minutes ) , not exceeding 1 minute and 30 seconds per episode ; 1 commercial advertisement per episode of golden time ( 19 : 00 to 21 : 00 ) , not exceeding 1 minute ; and when inserting advertisements , the duration of advertisement should be indicated .
The circular also stipulates that radio and television broadcasters shall strictly examine the qualifications and certification of health information advertisements , such as medical treatment , medicines , medical equipment and health food , and strictly prohibit the broadcasting of sexual advertisements .
To regulate the forms of advertising of health information , advertisements may not be disguised in the form of special programmes on health information .
Health information programmes should focus on scientific knowledge , such as disease prevention , control and treatment , and should not contain advertisements for medical treatment , medicines , medical devices , health food , etc . , or be certified in the name of patients and doctors , pharmacists , experts , etc .
Manturov said : For the first time , we adjusted the format of the MAKS International Aerospace Sharon . We proposed China as the guest state . My Chinese counterpart agreed and accepted our invitation .
Not long ago , Chinese President Xi Jinping was invited by Russian President Vladimir Putin to attend the fourth Eastern Economic Forum .
This was the first time that he had attended the Forum .
Ignoring the US threat !
EU may enter into a crude oil purchase agreement with Iran
The US government recently announced that it will resume a new round of sanctions against Iran in November , and even urged other countries to reduce their imports of Iranian oil .
America &apos;s allies , however , do not seem to have heard .
According to a report by the New York Times of the United States , Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif revealed during his visit on the 29th that despite the threat by the United States to sanction any country doing business with Iran , Tehran is approaching an agreement with the EU on the sale of crude oil .
At the heart of the agreement is an attempt to establish a new payment mechanism to replace dollar transactions with barter or local @-@ currency denomination .
The approach was intended to bypass the United States and prevent it from impeding financial transfers .
At the same time , while the EU is working to broker the agreement , some French and British officials are worried that , if it materializes , it would be the most open confrontation between the EU and the US that opposes America &apos;s withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal .
According to the US media , Zarif &apos;s words sounded more optimistic than in recent months in an hour @-@ long interview .
Because the agreement has the ability to squeeze America &apos;s traditional allies , it has effectively thwarted US attempts to cut Iranian revenues .
This would ensure that we sell our oil and benefit from it , and Zarif believes that , under the 2015 agreement , countries have a legitimate right to trade with Iran .
The EU &apos;s foreign policy chief , Federika Mogherini , also said a few days ago that no sovereign country or organization can accept others to decide with whom it can trade .
She also predicted , however , that prior to the next sanctions imposed by the United States Government in November , it would be possible for United States leaders to adopt a range of financial instruments aimed at targeting banks , businessmen and countries that had commercial dealings with Tehran .
Last May , the US government unilaterally announced its withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal on the grounds that it was flawed , arguing that it would not permanently ban Iran &apos;s production of nuclear fuel .
The US then threatened to ban companies that buy Iranian oil and other commodities from doing business in the US .
This threat caused some companies to leave Tehran and the Iranian currency plummeted .
Companies like Airbus and the French oil giant Daudard have cancelled billions of dollars in investment in Iraq .
British and French officials have said that the US government may take the upper hand .
Otherwise , according to a recent Turkish media report , US sanctions do not seem to have had a significant impact on Iran &apos;s oil exports .
Iran &apos;s oil minister , Zangane , recently revealed that no country except South Korea has stopped buying Iranian oil .
Both Zarif and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani believe that the US has committed a series of acts aimed at seducing Iran into violating the agreement .
Zarif also dismissed a series of verbal attacks on the US side , and when asked whether the US would overthrow the current Iranian government with ever @-@ increasing fiscal pressure , Zarif even laughed that it was a strategy of regime change , which was the real goal of the US .
Revisiting the gun platform and recalling Fenghua : The opening of the cultural tourism market collection of Xiamen Hu &apos;rii gun station
At the Fujian front @-@ line radio station back then , the first broadcaster to broadcast Mandarin Minnan , Senior Chen Fiffi , came to the cannon to recall and tell about the history of the cannon .
The famous tourist attraction area , the Xiamen Huli Shan gunboat attraction area separated from Jinmen , was the place where the Chinese People &apos;s Liberation Army set up a front @-@ line radio station .
On the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the opening of the front @-@ line station , on the 30th , the scene area held a recruise gun station to recall the Fenghua incident , inviting several historical witnesses from the front @-@ line station of that year to talk about the historical changes in the gun station and witness the development of cross @-@ strait relations .
Back then , witnesses to the history of front @-@ line stations described the history of the cannon stations .
This is one of the series of events in the second municipal collection of cultural tourism of the Hu &apos;rii Shan Artillery Station in Xiamen , which was painstakingly constructed in the Hu &apos;rie attraction area .
Previously , the first event was successfully held here to create an exclusive cultural tourism brand that integrates cultural tourism IP , creative marketplace and traditional folklore experiences .
On the same day , the Second Cultural Tourism City Collection hosted by Xiamen &apos;s Huli Shan Artillery Station under the direction of the Xiamen City Development Committee officially opened its curtain . During the 6 @-@ day event , the main theme here will be the Mid @-@ Autumn Festival and National Day Confucius Group , which will allow the people visiting the tour to experience the depressed Minnan weather in Dowei , in their eating and eating .
Hearing the Voice of the Sea concert has become a major focus of the Artillery cultural tourism market .
Wang Yong , director of the Hu &apos;rii Shan &apos;s artillery station management department , said that the recruise gun station organized to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the opening of the PLA &apos;s Hu &apos;rian artillery station recalled the Fenghua &apos; s activities and invited several old radio station broadcasters of that year to tell the history of the gun station and let people remember the days of the past .
In addition to this , the series of events in the tourism market collection includes a concert on the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up , an old photo selection campaign , and a public service exhibition on large @-@ scale single artistic devices on both sides of the Straits in 2018 .
Among them , as a major point of view of the Artillery cultural tourism market collection , I heard the concert of the Great Haihai . It was an exclusive cultural branding activity passionately built in the scenic area . I invited the Fenghua women &apos;s chorus of the Xiamen City Youth Palace for Phoenix Satellite TV to make an effort to assist in singing the concert on the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up at the ancient cannon platform accompanying Yishan , showing the convergence between the old cannon platform and the crash of the new era .
Princess Rabbit on both sides of the Strait staged a public service exhibition on large @-@ scale singular artistic devices during the National Day in the area of the cannon stage , working hard to create an eye @-@ blowing effect , attracting a large number of tourists , citizens to the scene , photos , relaying them to a circle of friends , filming jitters , and adding another thugs to Xiamen &apos;s city .
Xiamen 40 years ago , you and I , I , my old photo selection campaign , set up an exhibition of the award @-@ winning works in the scene area , and deep excavated those moments of happiness and emotion through a photo with temperature .
China News Agency , Fuzhou , September 30 ( Reporter Long Min ) -- The Sixth Meeting of the Thirteenth People &apos;s Congress Standing Committee of Fujian Province voted on the 30th to adopt the Regulations on Promotion of Ecological Civilization in Fujian Province .
Green Qingshan is the first time that Jinshan Silver Mountain has been incorporated into the legislation of Fujian Province , making it an operational and enforceable provision throughout the regulations .
Fujian is China &apos;s first national ecological civilization test area .
The head of the legal system office of the People &apos;s Government of Fujian Province said that it was necessary and urgent to form a basic law on the construction of ecological civilization from a holistic and holistic perspective in order to solve the problem of regulating the construction of ecological civilization through separate regulations and policy documents , and also to provide a legal basis for the enactment of relevant regulations , normative documents and measures .
This regulation fully embodies the characteristics of Fujian and translates mature experience in the practice of building ecological civilization into a form of regulations and their implementation : for example , the reproducible and replicable experience of soil and water conservation and management in Fujian Province , and the regulations summarize and upgrade the experience of soil and water conservation and management in Fujian Province , stipulating that local people &apos;s governments above county level should strengthen their unified leadership of soil and water conservation and define priority prevention and control areas based on the results of soil erosion surveys , etc . ; also , for example , the river system that started in Fujian Province , the regulations elevate the river system and the lake system to the legislative level , stipulating that local people &apos;s governments at all levels should fully implement river and lake management , and implement river lake management bodies , responsibilities and funding .
The regulation provides for a life @-@ long accountability system for ecological damage .
Those who violate the requirements of scientific development and cause serious damage to ecological resources are held accountable for their entire lives for leading cadres and related officials .
t is said that the Regulations for the Promotion of Ecological Civilization in Fujian Province will be implemented on November 1 this year .
China and Pakistan agreed to complete the construction of the economic corridor in time to accelerate the construction of the port of Gwadar
The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Sunday that China and Pakistan agreed to further consolidate and expand their economic relations .
China and Pakistan issued a joint statement on Sunday to further strengthen the strategic partnership .
Both sides reiterated their commitment to building the Sino @-@ Palestinian economic corridor and rejected the negative propaganda against the Sino @-@ Palestinian economic corridor .
Reuters quoted the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs as saying that China and Pakistan will strengthen practical cooperation in the area of trade and investment and upgrade Pakistan &apos;s industrial capabilities by establishing joint ventures in priority areas , transferring labor @-@ intensive industries , and developing SME cooperation .
According to a press release published on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , the two sides agreed to complete the ongoing construction of the China @-@ Pakistan economic corridor in a timely manner , accelerate the construction of the port of Gwadar and ancillary projects , focus on economic and social development , job creation and livelihood improvement , and accelerate cooperation in industry and parks and agriculture .
The two sides also agreed to complete the second phase of the Sino @-@ Palestinian FTA negotiations as soon as possible and to continue the Sino @-@ Palestinian services trade agreement negotiations .
In a joint statement signed on Sunday , the two sides reaffirmed their commitment to the construction of the Sino @-@ Palestinian economic corridor , which they agreed would be a cooperative win @-@ win plan that would promote regional connectivity and bring prosperity and development to the entire region .
The two sides agreed that the port of Gwadar was an important node for cross @-@ regional connectivity and a pillar of the China @-@ Pakistan economic corridor .
Both sides agreed to accelerate the construction of the port of Gwadar and ancillary projects .
In a joint statement , China and Pakistan also expressed their opposition to negative propaganda targeting the economic corridor between China and Palestine .
Both sides agreed to establish the Sino @-@ Palestinian Foreign Minister &apos;s Strategic Dialogue and to restructure the former Deputy Foreign Minister &apos;s Strategic Dialogue into diplomatic consultations .
In addition , the two countries will further strengthen their defence cooperation by maintaining high @-@ level visits between the military forces of the two countries and exchanges between departments and levels .
In order to further encourage foreign investors to invest in China , the Ministry of Finance and other four ministries jointly announced that , as of 1 January 2018 , the scope of application of the policy of withholding pre @-@ tax revenues for domestic direct investment on profits distributed by foreign investors from resident enterprises in China would be extended from foreign investment incentive projects to all non @-@ prohibited foreign investment projects and areas .
The Ministry of Finance website published a related notice stating that foreign investors are temporarily exempted from pre @-@ tax collection subject to several conditions , including foreign investors &apos; direct investment in profits , including foreign investors &apos; return on profits , new construction , equity acquisitions and other equity investments , but not including the addition , transfer and acquisition of shares in listed companies ( except for eligible strategic investments ) .
It also includes dividends and dividends earned by foreign investors as equity returns resulting from the actual distribution of realized retained earnings to investors by resident enterprises in China .
If the profits of the foreign investor for direct investment are paid in cash , the relevant funds are transferred directly from the account of the profit @-@ distributing enterprise to the account of the invested enterprise or equity transferor and may not be transferred to other accounts within or outside the country prior to direct investment ; if the profits of the foreign investor for direct investment are paid in kind , marketable securities and other non @-@ cash forms , ownership of the assets is transferred directly from the profit @-@ distributing enterprise to the invested enterprise or equity transferor , prior to direct investment , is not held by other enterprises or individuals on their behalf or temporarily .
The notice added that foreign investors actually reclaim their direct investment that is subject to the withholding of the advance income tax policy through equity transfers , repurchase , liquidation , etc . , and file a refund of the deferred tax with the tax authorities within seven days of the actual receipt of the corresponding amount in accordance with the established procedure .
In order to encourage foreign investors to continue investing in China , the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce jointly issued a circular at the end of 2017 stating that , with effect from 1 January 2017 , no advance income tax will be levied on foreign investors &apos; profits distributed from resident enterprises in China and invested directly in incentive @-@ type investment projects , if they meet the required conditions .
Last week , the Standing Committee of the State Council of China decided to further strengthen intellectual property protection by extending the application of the moratorium on pre @-@ tax collection on foreign reinvestment from incentive @-@ based foreign investment projects to all non @-@ prohibited projects and areas .
The reporter learned from the National Health Commission that the incidence of child malnutrition in our country has decreased compared to decades ago , while the incidence of overweight obesity has increased significantly .
Experts pointed out in this regard that the most important concept for maintaining healthy body weight is to fight the disease and vigorously promote scientific fitness and reasonable diets .
According to the Core Information and Interpretation for Adolescent Health Education in China ( 2018 edition ) recently released by the National Health and Hygiene Committee , the key to maintaining healthy body weight is rational diets and scientific sports .
Excessive weight , obesity , and blind weight loss are not good for health .
The underlying health problems behind the stomach of obesity cannot be ignored .
Ding Steel , Director of the Nutrition and Health Institute of China &apos;s Centers for Disease Prevention and Control , said that overweight obesity jeopardizes the normal growth and development of adolescents , adversely affects their psychology , behaviour , cognition and intelligence , and can even lead to high blood pressure , hyperglycemia and hyperlipid in children .
At the same time , overweight obesity among adolescents can easily continue into adulthood , increasing the risk of chronic diseases such as hypertension and diabetes among adolescents as adults .
Ding Steel said that the 2010 @ - @ 2012 testing of the nutritional and health status of Chinese residents showed that our country &apos;s 6 @ - @ 17 @-@ year @-@ old children had an excess weight rate of 9.6 per cent and an obesity rate of 6.4 per cent , which together was 16 per cent .
At the same time , overweight obesity among young children tends to be higher among boys than girls and higher in urban areas than in rural areas , with overweight obesity rates increasing markedly in recent decades .
How do adolescents respond to overweight obesity ?
Zhang Yan , deputy director of the Scientific Physical Fitness and Health Promotion Research Centre of the State Sports Administration , pointed out that the main reason for obesity among adolescents at present is excessive calorie intake and inadequate physical activity .
For this singular obesity , emphasis should be placed on scientific exercise combined with sound dietary control .
Zhang Yan pointed out that the most important concept for maintaining healthy weight is to fight the disease . One important part of this is to provide comprehensive science education to schools , parents and students , popularize the dangers of overweight and obesity , and raise the awareness of adolescents about prevention .
Adolescents should undergo regular medical examinations to monitor growth and development indicators such as high body weight , early detection , scientific judgement and obesity for timely intervention .
For adolescents who are already overweight obese , Ding and Steel recommend that they be at a special physiological stage , except for active scientific arrangements for meals and exercise , that they avoid using starvation or semi @-@ starvation therapy to control and reduce body weight , and that they refrain from blind use of fertilizers .
Reuters , September 28 - Facebook ( FB.O ) said on Friday that hackers steal digital landing codes , giving them nearly 50 million user accounts , an unprecedented level of coverage , and the most serious security loophole in their history .
Facebook &apos;s monthly subscribers exceed 2.2 billion , claiming that it has not been determined whether the attackers misused any account or stolen personal information .
The company also did not locate the hackers , nor did it determine whether they targeted specific victims .
Its preliminary analysis showed that it was a widespread attack .
Executive Director Zuckerberg called the incident a serious one in a media teleconference .
A spokesperson for the company stated that his account number and that of the operator , Sheryl Sandberg , had also been affected .
Facebook stock prices fell by 2.6 % on Friday , dragging down Wall Street &apos;s main stock indices .
he US Congressman said on Friday that the attack could increase the outcry for data privacy legislation .
This is yet another sad piece of evidence of the need for Congress to act to protect the privacy and safety of social media users , as Senator Mark Warner of the Democratic Party claimed in a statement .
Rohit Chopra , a member of the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) , said in Twitter that I would like to receive a response to Reuters &apos;s report on this security gap .
Chinanews.com , Changsha , September 30 ( Zheng Yang @-@ liang Tian ) September 30 is China &apos;s fifth Martyrs Day .
On such a special day , family members of Xiangxi War Resisting Veterans , representatives of civil revolutionary Party members , representatives of the Houses of Veterans of Hunan , and other people from all walks of life from all walks of life in the city of Changsha , attended the collective burial ceremony of Xiangxi War Resisting Veterans on Martyrs Day 2018 , and offered farewell to 10 war resisting veterans and 4 war resisting partners .
The veterans of the War of Resistance against China are witnesses to China &apos;s War of Resistance and are authentic , vivid and stark educational materials of patriotism .
Liu Xiao , former vice president of the Hunan Provincial People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference , said that the courageous and courageous spirit of patriotism of the veterans of the War of Resistance was a valuable spiritual asset for contemporary Chinese people .
In his address , Zhu Jianjun , Vice Chairman of the Changsha Municipal People &apos;s Political Consultative Conference and Chief Committee of Changsha Municipal Committee of the Civil Revolution , pointed out that in recent years , the Caring for War Veterans &apos; War Rescue Project has become an excellent brand in the work of the Changsha Municipal Civil Revolution social service by providing care services to war veterans in the form of subsistence allowances , free old @-@ age pensions and free burial .
He believes that the spirit of resistance can only be passed on if history is engraved in the heart .
At 11 a.m. , in a solemn and heavy concert , people came to the event to stand up .
The members of the Tang courtesy team dressed in courtesy , holding flowers and taking the pace of consolidation to send away 10 war resistance veterans and 4 war resistance veterans &apos; companions in the complete queue .
Those who took part in the event sacrificed their lives for the war veterans of the resistance , and there were many children among the crowd , who joined their parents in paying tribute to the war heroes .
The Tang Life Garden , the subject of the War of Resistance , was the first national mausoleum on the theme of the War of Resistance , created by the Changsha Municipal Committee of the People &apos;s Revolution and the Tang Life Garden Limited of Hunan . It was completed in 2014 .
The first phase of the mausoleum project covered more than 2,000 square meters and consisted of the indelible monument of the heroes , the heroes of the war of resistance , the mausoleums , etc .
The Mausoleum , the hero of the resistance war , provided the Hsiang war heroes with a tomb behind their backs free of charge and was praised as the last military barracks of the veterans of the resistance war .
Every year , before and after Qing Ming and National Day , the mausoleum holds large @-@ scale public sacrifices and burial ceremonies .
Since 2015 , seven collective burial ceremonies for war veterans have been held here , where 102 war veterans and partners have been sleeping .
Xinhua News Agency , Yichang , October 1 ( Guo Xiaoying , Liu Min ) - The newly revised &quot; Three Gorges @ - @ Gücontinent Dam Hydropower Hub Traffic Control Protocol &quot; ( hereinafter referred to as &quot; Movement Control Protocol &quot; ) officially began implementation on October 1 . Two years after the three Gorges lift machine was piloted , the three Gorges officially unified with the trip gates .
On the first day of the implementation of the new regulations , the three isthmus @ - @ gymnasium dam waters were navigated in good order .
The Changjiang Three Gorges Navigation Authority issued its first security inspection plan at 2100 hours on 30 September and conducted security inspections of 160 vessels , a total of 124 of which were certified .
At 1400 hours on 1 October , the Department of Navigation arranged for the first pass @-@ through plan after the implementation of the new regulations .
Following the implementation of the new regulations , the security inspection plan was issued once a day at 0900 and 2100 hours , and the dam plan was issued once a day at 1400 and 2000 hours , respectively , to facilitate flexible arrangements by ships for the dam plan .
The Movement Control Protocol added the principle of sorting and controlling the movement of dams across ships , specifying the priority of dams on the basis of the functional positioning of gates and lifts , respectively , and adjusting short @-@ line passenger vessels through gates to the same priority level as demonstration ships and honest ships .
This is also the second anniversary of the pilot operation of the lift , and it is officially scheduled in unison with the stop .
And for the first time , the Kawaguang River and the Three Gorges Area have also been given priority by large @-@ sized , broad @-@ sized demonstration boats and new energy @-@ powered boats .
At the same time , the Movement Control Protocol adjusted the waters of the Route Movement Control and Management from the previous 180 kilometers of nearby dams to 541.8 kilometers of waters of the Yunyang Yangtze River Bridge to the Shijiang River Bridge , and divided the waters of the core , nearby dams , controlled waters , and dispatch waters .
This facilitates the choice of suitable waters to be blocked and reduces the backlog of ships to be blocked in the dam area .
The Movement Control Protocol also proposes good faith measures such as cancelling declarations on non @-@ compliant ships and delaying dams by 24 hours , based on the characteristics of existing ships &apos; dams and gates .
The storage of water in the Three Gorges resulted in improved navigation conditions in the storage area , which facilitated the rapid development of navigation on the Yangtze River .
The data show that the annual cargo throughput of the three isthmus and the Ground Dam increased from 34.3 million tons in 2004 to 138 million tons and 140 million tons in 2017 , respectively .
In the past two years , the three isthmus lifts have tried traffic through 5,767 vessels , 162,200 passengers and 1,712,800 tons of cargo .
Chen Wanyuan , Deputy Director of the Three Gorges Traffic Management Authority , said that the Movement Control Regulations had a positive effect on promoting honest pass management , maintaining traffic order at the two dams &apos; hubs , dispelling the pressure on vessels waiting to be blocked in the dams area , and improving traffic capacity .
China Weather News has already started its eleven small long holidays . It is expected that today , during the day , Beijing will still have around six or seven @-@ tier showers , and is still in the midst of a big wind blue warning .
During the holiday period , the Grand Duke made beauty , and Beijing was sunny and cloudy . On the night of the 5th , there was autumn rain , which was generally suitable for outdoor activities .
But the 24 @-@ hour temperature difference exceeds 10 ° C . Sooner or later , we need to be careful to keep warm and guard against cold .
Early and late temperatures in Kyoto city have further decreased . Yesterday morning , the minimum temperature in the southern suburbs was already 7.6 ° C , falling above the 10 ° C line , climbing to 20.2 ° C at the highest temperature during the day , and the temperature difference between the daytime and the night is extremely high , coupled with the strong North wind blowing . Although the weather blows up , the body is not warm .
This morning , the sky in Beijing is clear and cloudy , and it is relatively cool .
The eleven small holidays have already begun , and the Beijing city weather station predicts that today the daytime sky is sunny , cloudy , about the fourth level of the North Wind , the sixth level of the North Wind , the maximum temperature is 25 ° C ; at night , sunny , the second level of the North Wind , the lowest temperature is 12 ° C .
Great wind blue warnings are still in place , and the public needs to guard against high @-@ altitude crashes outside the room ; the temperature difference is above 10 ° C around the clock , and sooner or later the body feels cold , and clothing needs to be added appropriately when going out .
During the period of the Eleventh Ordre , the sky was beautiful . The weather in Beijing City was sunny and less rain . It was cool and comfortable . The whole was suitable for outdoor activities . Only during the night of the 5th did the autumn rain arrive in Beijing . The public also had to pay attention to the prediction of proximity .
Temperature decreased after the rain , especially at night , when the minimum temperature was only about 9 ° C .
The Beijing Municipal Meteorology Center released the data yesterday , and the fall of Beijing averaged only 51 days .
The longest fall in Beijing since 2001 was 67 days in 2003 ; the shortest fall was 36 days in 2017 .
Weather experts remind that today Beijing has a large north wind , a sixth and seventh stage of the wind , and travels to pay attention to wind prevention .
Dry wind and dry , care should be taken to recharge water at work and maintain moisture . When playing outside , care must also be taken to use fire safety and guard against fire .
Sooner or later , when they travel , they feel cold and need to add proper clothing .
Upon the signature and approval of Premier Li Keqiang , the State Council recently issued the Decision on Further Reduction of the Industrial Products Production Licensing Catalogue and Simplified Approval Procedure .
The Decision provides for further reduction of the industrial product production license management catalogue , elimination of 14 industrial product production license management , and delegation of authority for 4 industrial product production license management to the provincial people &apos;s governments quality technical supervision department .
As a result of this reform , the number of products subject to industrial product production licensing will be reduced from 38 last year to the current 24 .
The Decision clarifies that the product in the catalogue is subject to a simplified approval process .
The first is to change the pre @-@ licensing product inspection organized by the licensing authority to a product inspection qualification report issued by a qualified inspection inspection inspection agency submitted by the enterprise at the time of application .
Second , in addition to hazardous chemicals , the quality technical supervision department of the provincial people &apos;s government ( the market supervision authority ) carries out a back @-@ up on @-@ site inspection of products that are licensed . Once the enterprise submits a qualified application and product inspection report and makes a commitment to ensuring product quality safety , it can obtain a production license after a formal review of the qualification , and then undergo a on @-@ site review within a specified time frame .
Third , when enterprises produce different categories of products in their catalogues , in accordance with the &quot; one size fits all &quot; principle , when applying for a new license or when applying for a new license , they review and issue a license .
The Decision calls on all regions and relevant departments to move forward with the process of reducing the catalogue and simplifying the approval process .
Enhance the publicity and back @-@ up on @-@ site review of enterprises &apos; commitments , strengthen credit supervision and restraint measures , implement corporate quality corporate responsibility , and cancel production licenses for false commitments and non @-@ conforming requirements .
For products that are not licensed to produce industrial products , ex post facto supervision needs to be effectively strengthened . Products related to public health and safety , environmental protection , etc . , can be converted to mandatory certification , positive lists are drawn up and made public to society , certification standards are harmonized , and the cost of mandatory certification is in principle covered by the financial system at all levels .
Support measures to encourage voluntary certification and promote branding and market expansion .
Advanced international standards for marking should be promoted to improve the quality of industrial products .
Fully utilize the role of third @-@ party social organizations to ensure the safety of the quality of industrial products .
For products that retain production licensing for industrial products , we need to improve the standard system , exploit the industry &apos;s regulatory advantages , strengthen whoever approves them , who supervises their responsibilities , dynamically assess product quality safety risks , and , where appropriate , reduce cataloguing , decentralize approval authority or convert them into certification management .
In September , China &apos;s Integrated PMI Ring @-@ Up Manufacturing PMI Ring @-@ up fell .
According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics on the 30th , in September , China &apos;s composite PMI output index was 54.1 % , which is higher than the previous month &apos;s and annual averages of 0.3 and 0.1 percentage points , indicating that Chinese enterprises &apos; production and business activities remained generally stable .
In that month , the index of manufacturing production and the index of non @-@ manufacturing business activity , which constituted the composite PMI output index , were 53.0 per cent and 54.9 per cent , respectively , a drop of 1 per cent .
Of these , China &apos;s manufacturing PMI is 50.8 % , and the ring @-@ to @-@ ring ratio has fallen by 0.5 percentage points .
Zhao Qinghai said that the manufacturing PMI this month has five main characteristics :
One is that the fundamentals of manufacturing are generally stable .
Of the 21 industries surveyed , 14 have PMIs in expansion zones , with manufacturing PMIs , such as pharmaceuticals , specialized equipment and electrical and mechanical equipment , located above 53.5 per cent at higher operational levels and growing faster .
The second is a small fluctuation in supply and demand .
The production index and the new order index were 53.0 per cent and 52.0 per cent , respectively , falling 0.3 and 0.2 percentage points from the previous month , while supply and demand remained in a steady but slightly slower expansion .
The index of new export orders and the index of imports were 48.0 per cent and 48.5 per cent , respectively , lower than the 1.4 and 0.6 percentage points of the previous month , respectively , and both reached low levels during the year .
Fourth , the cost of purchasing raw materials for enterprises has increased .
The price index for the purchase of major raw materials was 59.8 per cent , up 1.1 percentage points from the previous month , and the factory price index was 54.3 per cent , the same as the previous month , all at the peak of the year .
Fifth , large enterprises are functioning robustly and the performance of small businesses continues to improve .
The largest company , PMI , with 52.1 % , has been in the expansion range of 52.0 % and above since last month , and this month &apos;s production index and the new order index have both risen , which is the main driver of manufacturing expansion ; medium @-@ sized enterprises , with 48.7 % , down from 1.7 percentage points in the previous month , are in the contraction zone ; and small @-@ scale enterprises , with 50.4 % , up from 0.4 percentage points in the previous month , have risen for two consecutive months .
In the same month , the index of non @-@ manufacturing business activity in China was 54.9 per cent , up 0.7 percentage points from the previous month , and recovered for two consecutive months .
Zhao Qinghai believes that non @-@ manufacturing industries generally continue to maintain a steady and positive trend .
Indicators of business activity in such industries as road transport , securities and real estate continued to fall below critical points and overall business volume decreased .
Reuters Nagoya , November 5 - Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Monday that the Bank recognizes that prolonged ultra @-@ loose monetary policy can squeeze financial institutions &quot; profitability and potentially destabilize the country &apos;s banking system .
But , given low inflation and uncertainty in the overseas economies , he said , the Bank of Japan needed to maintain its massive stimulus package , while paying close attention to the pros and cons of its policies .
The Bank of Japan fully acknowledged that the strength of financial institutions would be increasingly affected by continued monetary easing , and Haruhiko Kuroda said in his speech to business leaders in Nagoya .
He said that the banking system could become unstable in the event of a serious negative shock if financial institutions were to take risks more aggressively to compensate for the narrowing of profit margins over the years as a result of low interest rates .
Though these risks are not significant at the moment , the central bank will follow developments closely , encouraging financial institutions to take the necessary steps , as he put it .
The minutes of the BOJ meeting , published earlier Monday , show that the BOJ &apos;s Policy Committee discussed the rising costs of long @-@ term easing at its September interest @-@ rate meeting .
The minutes show that , according to one member , if the economy continues to expand , the BOJ will have more room for policy flexibility in the future .
The minutes of the meeting indicate that another member said that the Committee should discuss how long the Bank of Japan could maintain the stimulus policy , given its limitations over the course of the policy .
Haruhiko Kuroda said that the Bank of Japan would assess the financial risks posed by easing , while also considering the uncertainty surrounding Japan &apos;s economic prospects , which could affect global demand as a result of trade friction between China and the US and growing protectionism .
The impact of such problems on Japan &apos;s economy is limited for the time being , according to Haruhiko Kuroda .
He added that the impact on the Japanese economy could become greater if the problem persisted .
Strong monetary easing needs to be sustained , considering both positive and negative effects in a balanced manner , according to Haruhiko Kuroda .
Despite the increased downsides of radical stimulus packages , such as long @-@ term low interest rates that erode financial institutions &quot; profitability , low inflation has forced the Bank of Japan to maintain it .
The BOJ maintained monetary policy last month ; in the face of the risks posed by the end of the global trade war , Haruhiko Kuroda ruled out a near @-@ term interest @-@ rate hike .
Corporate identity on Tesla electric vehicle , Cardiff , United States , June 1 , 2018 .
Under a settlement agreement , Tesla cars in the United States and its executive director , Musk , have agreed to pay $ 20 million in fines to financial regulators , and Musk will resign from his position as chairman of the company , but remain CEO .
The settlement agreement will put an end to Tesla &apos;s two @-@ month @-@ long turmoil .
The securities fraud allegation settlement agreement disclosed by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday would be a relief to investors .
Investors originally feared that a protracted legal battle would only hit the still @-@ losing electric car company further .
SEC indicted Musk for fraud on Thursday , arguing that its August 7 tweets mislead investors .
By extension , he is considering privatizing Tesla for $ 420 per share and has secured financing .
SEC asserts that these tweets are actually groundless and that the resulting market turmoil harms investors .
Investors and corporate @-@ governance experts claim that the agreement could strengthen Tesla , who has been hard hit by Musk &apos;s recent behavior .
Steven Heim , the head of Boston Common &apos;s asset management , said that the settlement should have subjected Musk to more scrutiny , while failing to take the devastating measures to drive him out of Tesla .
The asset management firm holds Panasonic shares in Tesla &apos;s battery manufacturer .
Under the proposed agreement , Tesla would have to appoint an independent chairman , two independent directors , and a board of directors to develop controls over Musk &apos;s external communications .
It is in the best interests of our markets and our investors , including Tesla shareholders , that the matter be resolved promptly and on the agreed terms , as President Cleton said in a statement .
The charges on Thursday led to the evaporation of about $ 7 billion in the market value of Tesla , which stood at $ 45.2 billion on Friday , down from $ 47.5 billion for General Motors .
In the settlement agreement , the SEC withdrew the demand to drive Musk out of the company .
Many investors claim that the penalty will be disastrous .
I believe that this is the best possible outcome for all those involved , Ivan Feinseth of the Tigron Financial Partners said Feinseth gave Teslamento a neutral grade and said that the SEC &apos;s punishment was a light penalty for Musk .
It is important for Tesla that he remain CEO .
Neither Musk nor Tesla acknowledged or denied the SEC &apos;s allegations in the settlement agreement , nor did they immediately respond to the request for comments .
The settlement agreement is still subject to court approval .
Beijing Morning News ( Reporter Wang Ping ) A few days ago , the reporter from Beijing Morning News learned from the Beijing Construction Group that one of the core buildings of the 2019 Beijing World Parks complex , the Beijing World Parks Congress Performing Art Square Project , will use for the first time a multi @-@ color ETFE spelling film structure . A 5,440 square meter film structure will exhibit six colors of deep red , deep green , orange , blue , red , and green color . It will show a wooden butterfly under Zhang Lao &apos;s steel string .
According to Liu Changbao , the head of the project of the Beijing Construction Engineering Five Group , the construction area of the Performing Art Square project is 4,500 square meters , with a total of 1,182 tons of steel for installation , and the surface of the steel structure is supported by a 26 @-@ gauge cantilevered steel trusk , showing the shape of the Sangaris crash under Zhang Lao &apos;s steel string .
Looking at the performing square from the air , the magnificent and colorful roof looks like a flower @-@ worn , danced lame butterflies , and colorful colors do not fade over time and snow .
Previously , a single color ETFE film structure had been widely used in bird nest , watercube , etc . , but the multi color spelling ETFE film structure was the first in the country .
The reporter learned that because there are very few suppliers worldwide with multiple color film structures production capacity , each inch of film structure material is extremely valuable .
Liu Changbao said that in order to avoid problems such as overlap in the position of the head of the cord , he would also innovate in using the forklift structure to ensure that the head of the corpse was in the right position through specially designed fixed inserts .
Construction of the Beijing World Park 2019 is currently under way .
Of these , the International Library project has completed the hanging of all parachutes .
It is planned that the construction will be ready for deployment by the end of October .
Worldwide overseas Chinese celebrate the sixty @-@ ninth anniversary of the founding of the People &apos;s Republic of China @ - @ China News Network
On the occasion of the sixty @-@ ninth anniversary of the founding of the People &apos;s Republic of China , overseas Chinese held a rich celebration to wish the motherland a better future .
On the evening of the 23rd local time , the Chinese Society of Australia invited more than 500 expatriates and friendly people to meet in Sydney .
Guests , on the one hand , enjoy the brilliant performances of Chinese artists , and , on the other hand , enjoy the affection of the motherland .
Wu Changmao , President of the China Association , said that China &apos;s rapid progress and development make the sons and daughters of China overseas feel proud .
In 2018 , which coincides with the 200th anniversary of the arrival of Chinese in Australia , the overseas Chinese will continue their 200 @-@ year tradition of excellence , integrate more actively into mainstream society , become a strong bond of friendship between China and Australia , and work tirelessly for the economic development and social progress of the two countries .
On the same day , the Botswana Association for the Promotion of Peace and Unity and the Chinese Charity Foundation , the Botswana Overseas Chinese Chamber of Commerce and the Gaborone China Help Centre co @-@ hosted the 2018 Blobe Fellowship of Expatriates in Gaborone .
At the Fellowship , the compatriots each showed their skills in looking after their families .
Some songs with deep emotions and praise for the birthday of the motherland .
hu Chinese , President of the Botswana Overseas Chinese Federation of Commerce and Director of the Gaborone China Help Center , said that while the overseas Chinese community adheres to the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation and fulfils its dream of life , it also contributes to the prosperity of Botswana and enjoys the respect of the local people .
He called on overseas compatriots to seize the valuable opportunity offered by the development of the motherland , and to launch the sails in the new era and renew their new achievements .
Over the past few days , various overseas agencies of China have organized national day receptions .
Lu Jian , China &apos;s ambassador to Thailand , held a reception in Bangkok on the evening of the 24th local time .
In Thai overseas Chinese , Chinese @-@ funded institutions , volunteer teachers , representatives of overseas students , prominent Thai personalities from all walks of life , foreign envoys to Thailand , etc . , nearly 1,000 people attended .
Guests at the meeting shared Chinese beautiful food , and the atmosphere on the scene was warm and friendly .
On the evening of the 26th local time , at the reception of the Chinese Consulate General in Los Angeles , a photo exhibition entitled &quot; Remembering the original spirit - 40 years of Chinese reform and opening up , &quot; co @-@ sponsored by the Consulate General and China News Agency , was held simultaneously .
The exhibition captures the historical moments of China &apos;s reform and opening up process from 1978 to 2018 and shows the great achievements of reform and opening up and the development of Sino @-@ US relations .
I have been in the United States for 38 years , seeing so many brilliant and historic pictures , and I am very excited .
Zhang Xianghua , a Chinese entrepreneur and philanthropist in the United States , said that China &apos;s achievements in reform and opening @-@ up were truly remarkable . As a Chinese , he was proud of it .
After he worked in Los Angeles 90 , Liu Yuangui said that most of the photographic recordings took place before his birth and were not known .
Slowly seeing it in chronological order , I feel that China is walking step by step , becoming stronger and stronger . We are particularly heartened to go abroad , Liu Yuanjei said .
Many overseas Chinese returned to China to participate in the celebrations .
On the evening of the 27th , 2018 , the 2018 cultural Chinese @-@ global Chinese concert sounded on the Beijing National Theatre , and overseas compatriots were invited to observe .
Under the command of the Italian Chinese and the Art Director of the National Theatre , Lu Jia , the classical curvature was played back and forth , and under the familiar rhythm and high @-@ level deduction , the compatriots of the diaspora had their thoughts shattered and their hearts burst .
There are even more people walking across the Wanli River Mountains of the motherland .
Since early September , Dubai &apos;s expatriate Zhang Tao has flown 30,000 kilometers in 26 days , from the westernmost part of China to the easternmost part of China , spanning 15 cities in six provinces .
He expressed his sorrow to the correspondent of the China News Agency that the vast size and size of my motherland is one of the most spectacular beads on earth !
On October 1 , Zhang Tao returned to Dubai for official business .
Abe proposes that Ganny be appointed to key Liberal Democratic Party cabinet reconstitution and other discussions be brought to a close @ - @ China News Network
Chinanews.com , October 1 - According to a report by the Japan News Agency , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe &apos;s cabinet reshuffle and senior party personnel reshuffle on the 2nd entered the final stage of discussion .
He is now coordinating an election @-@ response committee that brings Abe &apos;s former economic revival to Ganlin &apos;s top four positions in the party .
The above information was reportedly revealed on the 1st by the relevant party in the regime .
Abe held talks at his residence in the afternoon with Najin Min @-@ jin , the head of the KMT .
Shankou demanded that the national transportation minister from the KMT , Shi Kai , be allowed to remain in office .
Abe said that he would discuss it .
The incident was revealed to the media at Yamaguchi .
Abe met with the LDP vice president , Yoshiko Gao , at his residence on the lunchtime of the first day to amend the Constitution in the hope of continuing to help him in the future .
Gao Village is currently serving as a special adviser to the Party &apos;s headquarters for constitutional advancement .
According to reports , Gandhi , as a proponent of Abenomics , assumed the role of economic regeneration in December 2012 , when Abe &apos;s second cabinet took office , but resigned in January 2016 as a result of a money scandal .
He served as the chief executive of the headquarters of Abe &apos;s electoral response in the election of the party &apos;s president .
Abe , around the party &apos;s four key positions , intends to keep the second @-@ tier chief executive , Kishida Wen @-@ hsiung , the head of the government investigation , in office .
The general president , who is responsible for bringing together discussions within the party concerned with amending the constitution , and the election to direct next year &apos;s Senate election have become the focus of the election of the chairman .
With regard to the Cabinet , it has basically been decided to maintain the backbone of regimes such as the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance , Taro Aso @-@ jung , and the Chief Executive , Naoto Kan .
Shi Kai served as President of the Party &apos;s Politics , among others , for the first time in a cabinet reshuffle in October 2015 , and served for about three years .
Abe will decide on senior personnel on the morning of the 2nd at the Liberal Democratic Party &apos;s general meeting .
It is planned that the Cabinet list will be published in the afternoon , followed by a certification ceremony at the Palace .
Sept . 30 , Reuters - On Sunday , the China Securities Regulatory Commission officially released the revised &quot; Guidelines on Corporate Governance in Listed Stock . &quot; The focus of this revision includes further strengthening restrictions on controlling shareholders , actual controllers and their related parties , focusing more on the protection of small and medium @-@ sized investors , and playing the role of small and medium @-@ sized investors protection agency . At the same time , it is actively drawing on international experience to promote the participation of institutional investors in corporate governance .
The Commission noted that the revised guidelines covered the basic concepts and principles of corporate governance in listed companies , the composition and functioning of shareholders &apos; assemblies , boards of directors and supervisory boards , the rights and obligations of directors , supervisors and senior managers , incentives and discipline for listed companies , and the conduct of controlling shareholders and their related parties .
The new guidelines also include the participation of institutional investors and related institutions in corporate governance , the basic requirements of listed companies in terms of stakeholders , environmental protection and social responsibility , and information disclosure and transparency .
The revised guidelines require listed companies to implement innovative , coordinated , green , open and shared development concepts in corporate governance , increase the party @-@ building requirements of listed companies and strengthen the leading role of listed companies in environmental protection and social responsibility .
Strengthen the role of the Board &apos;s Audit Committee and establish a basic framework for environmental , social responsibility and corporate governance ( ESG ) disclosure .
In addition , in response to concerns , the new guidelines introduced new requirements for control stability in the governance of listed companies , the performance of independent directors , high evaluation and incentive restraint mechanisms for directors of listed companies , and enhanced disclosure of information .
The Commission also noted that , in accordance with the new standards , it would study the improvement of relevant regulations and normative documents , guide stock exchanges , the China Association of Listed Companies and other self @-@ regulatory organizations in the development and revision of relevant self @-@ regulatory rules , and gradually improve the system of rules for the governance of listed companies .
At the same time , the training of listed companies has been strengthened , the voluntary nature of listed companies in improving their governance and regularizing their operations has been strengthened , and the quality of listed companies has been continuously improved .
Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Monday that China &apos;s opening doors will not be closed , but will only get bigger , and the pace of pushing for a higher level of opening will not stop .
Expanding imports is not a matter of equity , but a long @-@ term perspective for the future , with Chinese imports of goods and services expected to exceed $ 30 trillion and $ 10 trillion , respectively , over the next 15 years .
In his keynote address at China &apos;s first International Import Expo , Xi Jinping said that China will further reduce tariffs , accelerate the development of new industries such as cross @-@ border electronics , continuously liberalize market access , promote service @-@ sector liberalization , and ease restrictions on foreign @-@ equity ratios in areas such as education and health care , where domestic markets are in large gaps .
China will protect the legitimate rights and interests of foreign @-@ owned enterprises .
e said that China will urgently study and propose a phased construction of a free @-@ trade port policy and institutional system in Hainan , and accelerate the process of exploring the construction of a Chinese @-@ specific free @-@ trade port ; a new section of the Shanghai free @-@ trade zone will be added ; a science board will be set up at the Shanghai Securities Exchange and a pilot registration system will be set up to support regional integration and development in the Yangtze Delta region and will be upgraded to a national strategy .
The Chinese economy is a sea , not a small pond .
At times of calm and sudden storms , Xi Jinping said that the storm could turn over the pond , but not the sea .
After numerous violent rains , the sea is still there !
After more than 5,000 years of hardship , China is still there !
Looking to the future , China will always be here !
He noted the volatility of economic globalization , the impact on multilateralism and the free trade regime , the continuing instability and heightened risk challenges ; open cooperation was an important driver of enhanced international economic and trade cooperation , and countries should maintain open integration , expand space for mutually beneficial development and strengthen macroeconomic coordination .
Once again , he stressed that China &apos;s opening door would not be closed , but would only be larger and that the pace of pushing for a higher level of opening would not stop .
China will stimulate import potential , adjust to the upward trend in domestic consumption , and take more proactive and effective measures to boost household income and nurture middle- and high @-@ end consumption growth points .
China will respect international business practices and treat all types of enterprises registered in China equally and equally .
China will protect the legitimate rights and interests of foreign @-@ owned enterprises , resolutely punish infringements of the legitimate rights and interests of foreign investors , in particular infringements of intellectual property rights , improve the quality of intellectual property censorship and efficiency of censorship , and introduce a punitive compensation system , significantly raising the costs of infringements .
Turning to China &apos;s economic prospects , Xi Jinping said that , in terms of key indicators of economic growth , employment , prices , balance of payments , corporate profits , fiscal revenues , and labor productivity , China &apos;s economy is operating within reasonable limits , laying an important foundation for achieving its goals throughout the year .
Compared to other major economies , China &apos;s economic growth remains one of the highest in the world .
The fundamentals of China &apos;s healthy and stable economic development have not changed , the factors of production that underpin high @-@ quality development have not changed , and the overall momentum towards long @-@ term stabilization has not changed .
Xi Jinping said that everyone can be optimistic about China &apos;s economic development prospects .
Xi Jinping said that China &apos;s macro @-@ regulatory capabilities are constantly increasing and have many favorable conditions to maintain the long @-@ term healthy and stable development of the economy . At present , China &apos;s economic development has also encountered outstanding contradictions and problems , and is taking measures to actively resolve them . The results have been and are being shown .
I believe that as long as we maintain strategic strength , fully deepen reform and opening @-@ up , and exert great efforts to resolve outstanding contradictions and problems , the Chinese economy will definitely accelerate its transition to a high @-@ quality development path , as Xi Jinping said .
On November 3 and 4 , the Classical World Tourist Song of A CLASSIC TOUR started singing at the five @-@ source river culture and sports center in Haikou for two consecutive nights . Eighty @-@ six thousand viewers saw the songs and songs at the scene . The Haikou police organized a total of more than 6,600 full @-@ time trips by the security forces to carry out security and traffic maintenance work on the site and surrounding areas . Over the past two days , Haikou police have captured a total of 20 people , four people involved in trafficking in false documents , seven people suspected of stealing criminals , a batch of items such as fake certificates , fake concert tickets , fake CDs , etc . , and received more than 160 viewers &apos; help .
During the performance , the Haikou Municipal Public Security Bureau mainly directed the supervision and supervision of traffic , public security and other security work on the spot . Units and police officers of all kinds engaged in combat and the police exercised a good style of continuous combat and came to work four hours in two consecutive days in advance to firmly carry out security work such as blast prevention and security checks , traffic supervision , order maintenance and service to the public .
Due to the timely issuance of traffic alerts in the previous period , rational division of parking areas and timely channelling of the surrounding roads , on the evening of the 3rd and 4th of the performance hall , only 55 minutes were used , with a total of more than 86,000 viewers and more than 20,000 vehicles leaving in a safe and orderly manner . The scene and surrounding road safety and traffic order were good .
The number of deaths from the strong earthquake and tsunami in Indonesia rose to 420 , and no Chinese citizen casualties have been reported
ccording to figures released by Wilem Rampangilei , head of the Indonesian Disaster Response Agency , Indonesia &apos;s official news agency , the number of people killed by the strong earthquake and tsunami in Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia rose to 420 at midnight on the 29th .
According to the official , this is only statistics for the municipality of Palu , the capital of Central Sulawesi province , and does not include the Denggara district , where the earthquake hit , and the nearby Sigi area , where communications are still suspended and the number of people killed has not yet been reported .
Search and rescue efforts have been very difficult owing to the severe damage to many roads in the city of Palu and the inaccessibility of heavy machinery .
In order to guarantee the rescue , the closed Palu airport , which began to open late on the 28th , stopped all commercial flights on the evening of 29th , and the flight of the journalist from Jakarta to Palu , which had been booked that evening , was cancelled .
Immediately after the earthquake and tsunami , the Chinese Embassy in Indonesia sought information from various sources to verify the situation of Chinese citizens in the affected areas .
To date , no casualties among Chinese citizens have been reported .
Sipalo , President of the Central Institute of Air Fluid Dynamics of Žukovsky , Russia , said : &quot; Inoquot ; the supersonic project is proceeding according to the plan of the international bloc and the contract with the Ministry of Industry and Trade . &quot;
We believe that it will take two to three years for technology demonstrations to take place and another 10 to 15 years for civilian aircraft production to take place .
According to Sipalo , the question facing Russian scientists today is how to balance the economic and safety of aircraft .
He said that the supersonic aircraft was characterized by large noise effects .
Sipalo said that the Institute was working with the Moscow Institute of Aeronautics and the Tupolev Design Bureau to develop a full range of civilian supersonic aircraft , including official and large passenger aircraft for commercial transportation .
General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered a very important speech at the private enterprise symposium , instilling firm confidence in the broader stage of the private economy .
General Secretary Xi Jinping &apos;s emphasis on removing the burden of ideas from entrepreneurs has resonated strongly among entrepreneurs and innovators alike .
Market dynamism comes from people , especially entrepreneurs , and from entrepreneurship .
During the four decades of spectacular reform and opening @-@ up , there have been stories of thousands of entrepreneurial innovations , and the growth of the entrepreneurial community has continued to drive China &apos;s economy forward .
For some time now , there have been statements in society that deny and suspect the private economy .
Misrepresentations such as the so @-@ called private economy &apos;s disengagement theory , the new public @-@ private partnership theory , etc . , have aroused misgivings and anxiety among some entrepreneurs .
Recently , a number of private enterprises have encountered difficulties and problems in the development of their businesses .
For example , changes in the international economic environment have had an impact on some exporting enterprises ; rapid adjustment of the demand structure has brought about transformational escalation pressures ; and some policies have been inconsistent , with overlapping policy effects or simplistic working methods that have led to the counterproductive effects of otherwise well @-@ intended policies .
A combination of factors had led to difficulties in the private economy , difficulties in the operation of some private enterprises and considerable anxiety among entrepreneurs .
Against this background , it is particularly relevant to correct misconceptions , unload the minds of entrepreneurs , and let enterprises concentrate on development , and the government concentrate on development , which is about market confidence and development expectations .
At this symposium , we once again emphasized three important points that have not changed : the status and role of the non @-@ public economy in the economic and social development of our country have not changed !
From further promoting decentralization and establishing a power list system to creating a rule @-@ of @-@ law environment that protects the legitimate rights and interests of entrepreneurs , creating a level playing field and fostering a climate of respect for entrepreneurs in society as a whole , in recent years , the Party &apos;s central government has paid unprecedented attention to entrepreneurs and strengthened institutional safeguards .
The symposium even more clearly proposed a series of practical measures to support the development and growth of private enterprises in six areas , and put forward a series of practical actions to work with private enterprises .
These are extremely encouraging for the entrepreneurial community and give rise to greater expectations from all sectors of society .
When the fog is out and the approach is decided , the key is to implement it .
It is necessary to continuously create a better development environment for the private economy , help private enterprises solve the difficulties of development , and help upgrade China &apos;s economic transformation ; it is necessary to give entrepreneurs a sense of fairness in market competition , safety in their legitimate business , respect in social life , and stimulate innovation and creative potential .
As China &apos;s economy moves into a process of high @-@ quality development , it needs more entrepreneurial ambitions and offers more space and space for entrepreneurial creativity .
We have reason to believe that , with deeper reforms and the removal of obstacles , the private economy will open up better prospects for development and development towards a broader stage .
All 46 regulatory certificates in the Inner Mongolia import and export chain are online verified - China News Network
Chinanews.com , Howe , November 5 ( Reporter Li Eiping ) - Howe Customs said on the 5th that from now on , all 46 regulatory certificates in the local import and export chain will be online verified , except for special circumstances such as confidentiality needs .
Inner Mongolian enterprises can declare relevant documents to Customs on a paperless basis , avoiding problems such as previous on @-@ site travel , paper applications , repeated submission , etc .
It was understood that document preparation time , which refers to the preparation time of the various types of documents required for the import / export chain before the declaration of customs , was a major factor affecting the overall clearance time , which had to be reduced if customs clearance time was to be reduced and customs clearance costs reduced .
The number of regulatory documents previously subject to customs inspection in the import and export chain amounted to 86 , covering 19 departments .
It is reported that this time , in accordance with the principle of cancelling it , merging it , withdrawing from the port inspection and checking it , and relying on the international trade single window inspection platform , customs and 16 other licensing agencies system docking and interconnecting the data , it has achieved more data runways and fewer business runs .
According to the customs department , in the past , enterprises had to send paper applications back and forth to and from the office hall of the relevant department . The process was long and the approval status could not be tracked in real time .
Enterprise users now have direct access to the Single Window portal for online applications .
After the approval of the certification department , the electronic data transmission of the certificate to the customs office is carried out , and automatic matching and intelligent verification of customs clearance data is achieved at the customs clearance stage . The results of the inspection are uniformly fed back to enterprises through a single window , and the entire process of regulating document declaration , clearance , customs clearance and feedback is implemented online .
South Korean ginseng Chicken soup &apos;s exports to China have jumped 20 @-@ fold in 4 years or are related to an increase in the number of young people in the empty nest @ - @ China News Network
Analysis of the steep 20 @-@ fold increase in South Korea &apos;s Chicken soup exports to China in 4 years : related to the increase in the number of young people in empty nesting
South Korea News Agency reported on the 5th that South Korean ginseng soup exported more than US $ 100,000 to China last year , a sharp increase of about 20 times from 2013 , four years ago .
According to the analysis , this increase is related to the increase in the number of young people in China &apos;s empty nesting , the introduction of convenient food hot marketing , and the increased interest of young people in feeding .
The data were published on the 5th by the Korean Agro @-@ Aquaculture Circulation Commune ( aT ) .
Last year , South Korean ginseng soup exported $ 103.39 million to China , weighing 218.59 million kilograms , a sharp increase of 2094 per cent and 3668.8 per cent over 2013 , respectively .
According to the analysis , the increase in sales of Korean ginseng chicken soup in China is related to the increase in the number of young people in empty nesting leading to convenient food hot marketing , and the increased attention of young people to nutritious meals .
As of this year , households in China have surpassed the 200 million mark and are expected to increase to 30 % of the population by 2020 . Local food enterprises are also targeting all kinds of convenient foods .
In addition , the analysis also indicated that avian flu is the biggest factor preventing ginseng chicken soup from taking root in the mainland Chinese market .
aT said that from November 2016 to April last year , an avian flu epidemic occurred in South Korea , and the relevant departments banned all exports of ginseng soup to China , resulting in a sharp decline in exports .
Exports of ginseng soup to China in 2016 amounted to $ 0.84 million , and last year exports plummeted to $ 0.1 million due to avian flu .
The first high @-@ quality development forum of listed companies in Anhui and the report launch of listed companies in Anhui were held in Hefei City on the 30th .
Deng Xiangyang , member of the Standing Committee of the Anhui Provincial Party and permanent vice @-@ governor , said that this forum aimed at establishing a comprehensive communication platform for cross @-@ border integration and integration of production and production was very relevant for promoting the healthy growth of listed companies in Anhui , promoting capital market construction , and building an innovative and modern industrial system .
Anhui will further strengthen the company @-@ listed reserve resource base , promote organic integration of Anhui @-@ dominated industries , emerging industries and capital markets , actively cultivate listed resources , and play the leading role of listed companies in leading industry upgrading and fostering new momentum in economic development .
Chen Xiang said that driving the economic transformation of Anhui to upgrade and achieve high @-@ quality development , there is an urgent need for Anhui listed companies to improve quality efficiency and take the lead .
I hope to use this forum as a starting point to set up a joint construction , sharing , and sharing platform for the integration of capital for research and studies in politics , and to form a strategic alliance and an investment + investment pool around listed companies .
The provincial capital compost is absolutely ahead of the rest of the province in the number of 45 listed companies .
In terms of industry distribution , the Anhui listed companies cover 13 industry sectors , nearly 70 % are concentrated in manufacturing , and the share of listed companies in strategic emerging and high @-@ tech industries is low .
The largest animation festival in South America was held in Lima , Peru .
The event , organized by local animated fans in Peru , lasted four days and was expected to reach 100,000 visitors .
According to a report by Japan &apos;s NHK TV station on November 5 , the contents of this animation festival were rich and varied , including an animation role display in the United States , a talk show by a Spanish @-@ speaking actress who was popular with Japan &apos;s animated &quot; Seven Dragon Pearls , &quot; a caraoon competition for Japan &apos;s animated theme songs , and a animated role @-@ playing competition .
The high tide of the conference hall is a great fuss .
During the romantic role @-@ playing competition , some children dressed as adults in Japan &apos;s romantic role , reproducing what happened when those roles were on the scene , and brilliant performances gained the enthusiastic applause of viewers .
Peru &apos;s cable television channels and others have continued to broadcast Japanese animated works since two years ago , which has made a growing number of local people like to join the Japanese animation . Some couples have even named their newly born baby as animated , as can be seen in the great impact of the Japanese animated culture .
Rehabilitation arrangements for damage to the Gao and Chinese secondary school entrance facilities as a result of the typhoon blow @-@ out
In recent days , the Bureau has been closely watching and following up on the repair arrangements for damage caused to some of the facilities at the entrance to the Chinese @-@ Portuguese Secondary School of Gao Gao , which belongs to the Bureau .
Immediately after the attack , the school contacted and arranged for the engineering repair company to follow up .
After inspection by the engineering staff , it was determined that the damaged part of the gate was still solid and did not affect the use of the entrance .
In order to repair the damaged parts as soon as possible , the school has immediately begun the process of awarding maintenance works , which will be carried out in sequence this week .
At the same time , schools have arranged for emergency engineering maintenance companies to carry out the necessary temporary measures in schools to ensure the safety of the school environment .
On September 29 , 2018 , the first HSK foreign study and employment exhibition in the Philippines opened in Manila , the capital of the Philippines . Tsinghua University and 13 famous Chinese universities , including Tsinghua University , were jointly recruiting in the Philippines for the first time . China Electric Construction , China International Airways and seven other Chinese @-@ funded enterprises recruited staff on site in the Philippines , and the scene exploded .
The first HSK foreign study and employment exhibition in the Philippines opened in Manila on the 29th of 2018 . Tsinghua University and 13 famous Chinese universities including Tsinghua University joined forces to enrol in the Philippines for the first time . Seven Chinese enterprises , including China Electric and China International Airways , recruited staff on site in the Philippines , setting fire to the scene .
Tsai Art , Vice Chairman of the China Education Center of the Philippines , explained that since its establishment in 1994 , the China Education Center of the Philippines had hosted a total of 29 Chinese language proficiency examinations and four Chinese language proficiency oral examinations , with a cumulative total of 47,000 examinations .
In order to make the majority of Chinese language learners in the Philippines make a difference and use it , this year the first HSK foreign study and employment exhibition was held under the international guidance of the Confucius Institute Headquarters / National Seoul Office .
The Philippines hosted the first HSK Foreign Studies and Employment Exhibition , a joint Chinese university recruitment site that burst fire .
Liu Xiaolong , manager of the Han Exam International Examinations Department at Confucius Institute Headquarters / National Seoul Office , said that in 2017 , the number of people taking the HSK exam exceeded 25,000 , and the Philippines had become one of the countries with the highest number of HSK exam candidates .
Opening a foreign study and employment exhibition , hoping that Filipino @-@ Chinese language learners will have the opportunity to talk face to face with Chinese first @-@ class college teachers and at the same time expand the source of overseas students in famous Chinese universities ; inviting Chinese @-@ funded enterprises in the Philippines to participate in the exhibition , hoping to provide post @-@ graduation employment options for overseas students to China .
Tolentino AQUINO , Deputy Director of the Philippine Capital Bureau of Education , said in his statement that more Chinese language courses had been introduced in public schools in Manila . As Philippine @-@ Chinese relations entered the best period in history , Chinese language had become a very useful skill , and famous Chinese institutions of higher education had come to the Philippines to enrol , and would definitely promote education cooperation between the two countries .
On the same day , 1304 candidates from 10 schools in Metro Manila and 25 candidates from the community took the HSK Level 2 @-@ 6 exams .
Teacher Liu Yu , a student recruitment office at Tsinghua University , told the reporter of the China News Agency that many Filipino students were prepared to show interest in Tsinghua economics management , computers and medicine .
He explained that Filipino students with HSK scores above level 5 can go to the school &apos;s official network to apply online .
The correspondent of the China News Agency saw at the exhibition space of the Nanfan University of Economics and Economics that less than 10 o &apos;clock , 14 students had left their intention to apply for the exam .
Teacher Bai Chocolyan , who is responsible for recruiting students , explained that there are six types of scholarships offered to overseas students at the school , the highest of which is the Government of China scholarship ( PhD category ) , free of tuition fees and accommodation , with a monthly living allowance of 3,500 yuan .
Qin Shanhai , the Dean of the School of International Education at China Ocean University , told reporters that marine science , marine life , marine geology , aquaculture , the use of marine living resources , etc . , are characteristic subjects of the University .
China has a long coastline , the Philippines is a nation of all islands , and marine scientific research is demand @-@ driven and complementary .
Director Yu Yu of Tongji University Student Study Office said that there are several specializations at Tongji University that rank high in the world , including civil engineering , sea , management , and other specializations that connect with Philippine demand .
Four Filipino students are currently studying at the school .
Chinese @-@ funded enterprises recruited on site are all well @-@ known enterprises cultivated in the Philippines for many years .
Southern Aeronautics received three curricula vitae the same day .
The posts recruited by China Electric Philippines representative office include company clerk , plant site management , plant construction engineer , etc .
I hope that Filipino students will study in China on a targeted basis . For example , they will study the welding technology in China and come back to participate in the country &apos;s special construction in Lai Dae @-@ jian . The plan is that employment opportunities will be very good . Zhao Chang @-@ jie suggested in the representative office .
U.S. warships are once again approaching China &apos;s South China Sea islands and reefs
US officials revealed on Sunday ( September 30 , 2018 ) that the US Navy destroyer USS Decatur had entered the waters around the South China Sea islands that Beijing claimed to have sovereignty on the eve of China &apos;s 11th National Day .
According to a comprehensive foreign news report by the Central News Agency on the 30th , anonymous US officials were asked to reveal that the US destroyer USS Decatur had entered the Spratly Islands within 12 nautical miles of Gaven Reef and Johnson Reef .
The official said that the US side carries out routine free navigation missions and will continue to do so in the future , as it has done in the past .
he report also said that US President Donald Trump accused Beijing of attempting to interfere in the US Congress election and of putting pressure on Beijing on behalf of Washington into a new phase .
Earlier this May , the US Navy also had two warships entering the waters around the South China Sea islands that China claimed to have sovereignty .
Comments from Washington suggest that , at a time of tension between China and the US , this move could provoke China .
WASHINGTON , November 5 - On Monday , the United States renewed its sanctions on Iran &apos;s oil and financial sectors , putting increased pressure on Iran to limit its missile and nuclear programs and contain Iran &apos;s growing military and political influence in the Middle East .
Such a move would restore the sanctions lifted by the United States under the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement and add 300 additional targets for Iranian oil , shipping , insurance and banking .
Details of the sanctions will be published at a press conference of 1330 GMT by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin .
The United States indicated that it would temporarily allow the continued purchase of Iranian oil in eight importing locations , including major Iranian oil buyers such as China , India , South Korea , Japan and Turkey , to ensure stable crude oil prices .
United States officials indicated that those countries would deposit the funds paid to Iran in a trust account .
Recently , the Executive Office of the Ministry of Education issued a circular on the progress of work on the reform of special governance initiatives in out @-@ of @-@ school training institutions nationwide . As of 15 October 2018 , a total of 400532 out @-@ of @-@ school training institutions and 272,175 problematic institutions had completed the reform of 8,3510 institutions , representing a 30.68 per cent completion rate .
The number of institutions in Heilongjiang Province that identified problems was 6611 , and 2,178 have been revamped , with a completion rate of 32.95 per cent .
It is reported that at present , the specialized governance of our country &apos;s out @-@ of @-@ school training institutions is entering a comprehensive reform phase . In accordance with the spirit of the Opinions on the Development of the Normalization of Out @-@ of @-@ School Training Institutions issued by the Office of the State Council , in order to effectively carry out the specialized governance reform of out @-@ of @-@ school training institutions , it is ensured that the reform task will be completed by the end of the year , that all provincial education administrations will accelerate the revision of Taiwan &apos;s accounts in accordance with the standards , and that the county education administrations will further study the bids individually , improve the correction of Taiwan &apos;s accounts , issue correction notices , clarify the specific issues and timetables , and promote the acceleration of the reform process , and implement the system of correction and cancellation of Taiwan &apos;s accounts on the basis of the previous survey and preliminary revision .
Blanded lists that meet the criteria for setting up or readjusting eligibility are published to society in a timely manner .
In order to prevent misinformation of parents and students and to eliminate pre @-@ standard training and false propaganda , according to the principles of simplicity , intuition , accuracy and normality , students should be named for courses in the field of discipline , and training institutions should report as soon as possible the name of the course conducted , the content of the training , the target audience , the schedule of progress and the duration of the course to the county education departments for review , and the county education departments should complete the file review process and make it publicly available in a timely manner .
Training may not be enrolled in classes that do not pass the record .
Teachers with strict qualifications in the fields of language , mathematics , English and physics , chemistry and biology should be qualified accordingly .
On the 30th , the Flood Prevention Office of Fujian Province informed that , in view of the fact that Typhoon No. 24 of this year had basically ended its impact on the coastal areas and sea areas of Fujian , according to the Fujian Province Flood Prevention and Desert Flood Preparedness Plan , the emergency response to the typhoon prevention was terminated at 10 : 00 on the 30th , and the relevant areas could return to normal production and living order in due course .
Typhoon Ho Mei Tai began its turn at noon on the 29th , moving north @-@ east and gradually away from Fujian Province . At 8 : 00 on the 30th , the center of the typhoon was located approximately 140 kilometers east of Kagoshima , Japan .
As a result , at 8 o &apos;clock on the 30th , the Fujian provincial meteorological station released the sea storm warning class III .
Earlier , as of 11 : 00 on the 28th , in order to prevent Typhoon Typhoon Typhoon Tianmei , Fujian had evacuated 268 fishing boats and transferred 2,282 women and children from the fishery platoon .
A flag @-@ raising ceremony at the border crossing between China and Vietnam to celebrate the National Day
Unexpectedly , there was such a strong and spectacular flag @-@ raising ceremony on the border , which was even more shocking than watching the flag @-@ raising ceremony in the interior .
On the morning of the 1st , Mr. Zhang , who traveled from Sichuan to the Yunnan river port on the Chinese @-@ Vietnamese border , together with more than 500 troops , residents , and Chinese and foreign tourists watched the flag @-@ raising ceremony to celebrate the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People &apos;s Republic of China .
The Haikou crossing is the largest port in the Yunnan section of the border between China and Vietnam . It is located in Hongkou County , Hongzhou Province of Yunnan Province . It is a border crossing with the Old Street City of Viet Nam and belongs to the category of the State .
As the construction of the national border crossing continues to deepen , as one of China &apos;s easiest access routes to Southeast Asia , the flow of entry and exit at the estuarine has steadily increased .
At 7 : 30 a.m. that same day , the sun just revealed a corner , and the locals at the estuaries of the river and Chinese and foreign tourists gathered early in the restricted area of the estuaries to watch the flag @-@ raising ceremony .
At 0745 hours , the flag @-@ raising ceremony began punctually , and members of the national garrison at the border checkpoint at Kawaguchi made a jittery and escorted the national flag to the flag @-@ raising platform at an orthotic pace .
After the commander gave the order to raise the flag , the flag @-@ taker strove to draw an arc with his arms , and the magnificent five @-@ star red flag was generally comfortable with the flag , accompanied by a slow rise in the strong and strong rhythm of the national anthem .
Holding flag @-@ raising ceremonies on the occasion of each New Year &apos;s Day , Spring Festival , National Day , etc . , is not only a demonstration of China &apos;s image , it can also inspire patriotic sentiment among the people of all ethnic groups on the border .
The officers and soldiers of the Soldier Corps who participated in this flag @-@ raising ceremony said so .
According to reports , the national gate garrison responsible for the flag @-@ raising ceremony at the estuarine is composed of more than 40 officers and soldiers from various positions at the border checkpoint at the estuarine , from a flag @-@ raising team of three to a large garrison . The garrison has gone through more than 60 years of history and has carried out more than 70 ceremonial missions to foreign affairs activities at the national level since its formation .
The newly revised Personal Income Tax Act adjusted China &apos;s personal income tax resident tax determination criteria from one year to 183 days .
Relevant officials of the Ministry of Finance of China and the State Administration of Taxation said on the 30th that , in order to maintain policy stability , the next step in implementing the new personal income tax law will be to consider continuing preferential arrangements for overseas persons , including Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan .
The person in charge said that the current regulations on the implementation of the personal income tax law have special privileges for foreign persons . Individuals who do not have a domicile in China but have resided for more than one year or five years may pay personal income tax only for those parts of the income earned outside China that are paid by units or individuals in China .
The portion paid abroad is not subject to personal income tax in China .
The Ministry of Finance of China , the State Administration of Taxation , the State Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce have also issued circulars expanding the scope of application of the policy of withholding advance income tax from foreign investors for the purpose of allocating profits for direct investment .
The distribution of profits among foreign investors from resident enterprises in China has been extended from foreign investment incentive projects to all projects and areas where foreign investment is not prohibited , to the policy of not imposing a pre @-@ tax on domestic direct investment .
During the 73rd session of the United Nations General Assembly , some positive messages were released on the Korean peninsula .
South Korean President Moon Jae @-@ un remarked on North Korea &apos;s irreversible nuclear renunciation and said that US President Donald Trump and North Korea &apos;s top leader , Kim Jong @-@ un , could meet before the end of this year .
The United States Department of State later said that Secretary of State Pompeo would visit North Korea in October to advance the implementation of the United States and North Korean leaders &apos; Singapore commitments .
From the beginning of this year to the present , North Korea and South Korea have broken the hard ice and opened the way for dialogue . The leaders of North Korea and North Korea and the United States have met , the general trend of easing the situation on the peninsula has continued , and the principle of dialogue to resolve the issue on the peninsula has been upheld .
First , the essence of the issue of the peninsula is that the issue of security remains unchanged and peace on the peninsula is achieved . The key is to address the legitimate security concerns of all parties in a proper and balanced manner , instead of insisting on putting pressure on the other side and insisting on one &apos;s own demands .
Secondly , in the dialogue on achieving the denuclearization of the peninsula , the parties concerned are still divided on the steps and modalities for achieving the denuclearization of the peninsula . Due to the long @-@ standing lack of political trust between North Korea and the United States , the game thinking about who will first come after whom remains strong .
At the open meeting of the Security Council on the Korean peninsula held recently at United Nations Headquarters in New York , different voices around the issue of sanctions against the Democratic People &apos;s Republic of Korea once again highlighted these two points .
United States Secretary of State Pompeo insisted that sanctions against North Korea would not be lifted until the Korean peninsula was completely denuclearized .
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov , for his part , emphasized the principle of responding with action , arguing that the weakening trend of sanctions should be the same as North Korea &apos;s progress toward nuclear disarmament .
There is no doubt that the parties concerned should continue to implement the Council &apos;s resolution on the Democratic People &apos;s Republic of Korea in a comprehensive , complete and accurate manner , but pressure is not an end in itself , and the implementation of sanctions and the promotion of a political solution are both required by the Council &apos;s resolutions .
As Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said , given the current positive developments in inter @-@ Korean relations with the United States , China believes that it is necessary for the Security Council to consider launching reversible provisions in due course , thus encouraging North Korea and all parties concerned to take greater steps towards denuclearization .
Looking back , the denuclearization of the peninsula and every progress in the peace process will require sufficient political courage on all sides .
At the present time , in the face of the growing expectations of the international community to move forward with a political solution to the issue of the peninsula , the parties concerned should , in particular , demonstrate political courage , make political determinations , implement their commitments , resolve difficult issues and continue to move in a step @-@ by @-@ step manner to advance the denuclearization process of the peninsula in parallel with the establishment of the peace regime on the peninsula and jointly usher in a permanent peace on the peninsula .
On the 1st , the people &apos;s government of Lingfeng County , Shanxi Province , rumored that during the National Day , the Huangxi River waterfall area in that county would remain relatively high and did not have open conditions .
To ensure security , the scenic area during the National Day was temporarily closed .
The yellow waterfall is China &apos;s second largest waterfall , the largest yellow waterfall in the world .
The Yellow River went to this place , the rock wall on both sides of the Strait was cliffs , and the estuaries of the river were narrow and narrow , forming the mood of a pot in the Yellow River .
According to the reporter &apos;s understanding , June @-@ October of each year is the flood season of the Yellow River . Starting from July 12 , 2018 , due to the high water level of the Yellow River , the Shanxi Yellow River Gourmet attraction area began to close successively , so the Gourmet attraction area has been closed for almost a month .
Ni Youfeng , Chief Engineer of the Visible Area Management Committee , said to the media that this was the longest extension of the high water level on the Yellow River in nearly 20 years . It was never so long before . Our flood closure period in 2017 was 4 days , and this year it was nearly a month .
ccording to reports , the Yellow River Falls in Shanxi originally increased its staffing arrangements and vehicle maintenance ahead of schedule in anticipation of the eleventh Golden Week , and even hired temporary staff have already been put in place .
According to the Circular on Good Flood Prevention in the Yellow River during the National Festival , which was distributed by telex from the office of the General Command for Flood Control and Drought Prevention of the Yellow River , Qinghai , Gansu , Ningxia , Inner Mongolia , Shanxi , Shaanxi , Henan and Shandong provinces are required to do good flood prevention during the National Festival .
At present , the flow of the main channel of the Yellow River is relatively large , with upstream channel flow maintained at 2000 @-@ 3000 m3 / sec , intermediate channel flow maintained at 2500 @-@ 3500 m3 / sec , and downstream channel flow maintained at 3000 m3 / sec .
Provision of influenza vaccination services in health centres and health posts , especially during the National Day holiday
This year , the Health Bureau ordered 150,000 doses of flu vaccine 2018 @ - @ 2019 . At this stage , priority is given to providing free vaccinations to high @-@ risk people . To facilitate residents &apos; holidays , the Health Centres and Health Stations under the Health Bureau provide vaccination services from 9 a.m. to 1 noon , especially during the National Day holiday ( October 1 and 2 ) .
In addition to the above @-@ mentioned convenience measures , since the introduction of the plan , the health centres and health posts under the Health Bureau have extended the vaccination service on Monday to Friday to 8 p.m. and 4,158 people were vaccinated by 4 p.m. on September 30 , up from 3,714 in the same period last year .
The free vaccinations are intended for residents of Macao as follows : persons aged 6 months to under 18 , persons aged 50 and over , pregnant women , all chronically ill persons , including obese persons ( i.e. persons with a physical quality index BMI of 30 or above ) , as well as staff of residential homes , nurseries , kindergartens , primary and secondary schools , all health workers , and Macao residents working in the lottery .
At the same time , other persons deemed necessary by the Health Service , including the public sector , will be vaccinated by health centres upon their own initiative in contacting the relevant agencies to obtain the list .
In order to facilitate vaccinations and reduce waiting times , between October and December this year , the HB will send medical personnel to our own secondary schools , primary schools , kindergartens and nurseries to provide group vaccinations for young children , small and medium @-@ sized children , teachers and employees , etc . In addition , the HB will arrange group vaccinations for the elderly and handicapped , the larger number of public sector or other institutions , etc .
Students and young children who fail to take part in group vaccinations may be vaccinated on December 3 , 2018 at the inoculation station or health center of Queen &apos;s Bench Hospital with a Macao resident identity card , a health service user card , an influenza vaccination card ( if any ) , a student certificate , an employee &apos;s certificate , or a career document .
The Bureau reminded residents that between September 2017 and August 2018 , those who had received influenza vaccine from 2017 to 2018 would still need to receive a new dose of influenza vaccine starting in September 2018 , and that influenza antigen content in the Northern Hemisphere influenza vaccine was updated for 2018 @ - @ 2019 , targeting the Northern Hemisphere 2018 @ - @ 2019 winter and summer 2019 seasonal influenza .
The peak flu season in Macao generally occurs between January and March of each year , later than in temperate regions ( such as Northern China and Japan ) , and the Health Bureau calls for early vaccination of the elderly , children , pregnant women , obese and chronically ill , who are at greater risk of post @-@ flu complications , as well as those who are in regular contact with high @-@ risk populations .
Chinanews.com , September 30 - The NBA &apos;s high @-@ sounding champion , the brave team , launched a fierce battle with the wolf this morning . Rol Deng , who joined the wolf in summer , used a key basket to help the team take a victory from the stadium .
In the first segment , the forested wolf took the lead in winning the right to a ball , and Ross dropped the first ball in the whole scene .
The Warrior Jones team responded with a thuggish seizure .
After that , Curidurrant dropped a long hit , and Ross and Tiger were on fire , with both sides rushing to the brink .
At the end of the first segment , Warrior 36 : 37 Forest Wolves .
Section II , on rotations , shows a decrease in the hit @-@ rate of both teams .
The warriors relied on several points under the basketball to score anti @-@ hypergrade points .
Afterwards , they hit a wave of 8 : 1 tides to draw the score .
Forest wolves depend on the scores of Tiger and Down .
Halfway through the battle , warriors 71 : 65 forested wolves .
Go back to war with each other , the warrior was in a wave of 5 : 0 to stop the wolf .
When we stopped coming back , the warriors kept the lead around .
In the second half of the third section , the forest wolves began to recapture .
After a 16 : 3 wave of small tides , forest wolves 94 : 92 anti @-@ superwarriors ended the third section .
In the fourth game , the forest wolves came up again with a wave of 6 : 0 drawing the score gap , while the warrior De Rexon hit two three points to help the team stop the decadence .
In the run @-@ up period , the forested wolf &apos;s new aid , Rol Deng Lien , won 6 points and hit the key basket . In the end , the forested wolf beat the warrior with 114 : 110 .
On the data side , Curie got 21 minutes and 4 attacks in 20 minutes , Thompson played 3 points and Durrant 16 points , and Drexon took 10 points in place .
The forest wolves scored two points , Tiger scored 17 points , Rose 16 points , Tolliver 15 points , Down 12 points and Viggins 11 points .
On the evening of the 29th , the reporter learned from the Propaganda Department of Qinghai @-@ Bai Jiang District in Chengdu City that on the evening of September 29th , Beijing time , a series of Central European Banlings ( Chengdu ) full of car connectors , telescopes , liquid crystal display screens and other goods were replaced and switched to Nürnberg , Germany , via the Polish port of Semia Nufka .
This was the first time in Central Europe that Banlje opened the Polish port of Semia Nufka , marking the successful opening of another European transport route in Central Europe after Marra and Jupp .
This trip to Central Europe began on September 14 at the Qinghai @-@ Bai railway station in Chengdu , exited through the Alasan mouth , entered Europe through the Schemianufka border crossing in Poland , and eventually reached Nuremberg , Germany , for a total of about 16 days .
For the first time in Central Europe , a shift to a wide @-@ range rail and a trajectory has taken place here .
The opening of the port effectively addressed the current problems of long hours of operation and long periods of time caused by congestion at the port of Mala , increasing the length of scheduled traffic ; it also provided a new solution to the problem of congestion at the port of Mala , further improving the capacity and efficiency of transport from the western hinterland of China to the Euro @-@ Mediterranean market and laying a solid foundation for the opening of the Central European market .
The 7.5 magnitude earthquake that struck Sulawesi Island , Indonesia , on Friday , has now confirmed the death of more than 400 people , many of whom have been swept away by the earthquake @-@ induced tsunami .
The authorities expect a significant increase in the total number of deaths on weekdays as new data are reported in remote areas .
Dozens of people are reportedly still trapped under the ruins of a hotel and a shopping mall in Baru city .
Earthquake @-@ induced waves of up to six metres ( 20 feet ) struck Baru city .
So far , there have been only deaths from Baru , those from Dungra , north of Baru , have been reported very slowly , and the authorities are preparing for a worse situation .
The population of Dongra is 300,000 , closer to the epicentre of the earthquake .
Indonesian Vice President Kara said that the total number of deaths could rise to thousands .
When the stunning waves hit the coast on Friday , hundreds of people gathered on the beach to celebrate the festival , many were swept away by the waves , and everything was destroyed .
TOKYO , October 1 - The quarterly short @-@ sighted survey released by the Bank of Japan on Monday shows that the confidence of large Japanese manufacturers reached its lowest level in more than a year during the September season , owing to rising costs of raw materials and a series of natural disasters affecting production , which put pressure on businesses .
The survey showed little evidence that rising global trade frictions had eroded the confidence of large manufacturers .
But the risk of a full @-@ blown trade war undermines firms &quot; business prospects and could threaten their capital spending .
Dynamic capital spending is a bright spot in Japan &apos;s economy .
The survey called into question the Bank of Japan &apos;s view that robust economic expansion would help push inflation toward the 2 % target , despite indications that firms were gradually shifting costs to customers .
amid worries over the global trade war , due to a slowdown in exports and weak factory production , the confidence of manufacturers has stalled , and Nanwuzhi , the chief researcher at the Golden Gold @-@ Gold @-@ Gold Institute in the agriculture industry , said .
Confidence remains high , and , because business profits are improving and prices are rising , I do not believe that confidence will continue to decline .
The short @-@ sighted survey showed that the large manufacturing performance index fell to a positive 19 in September from a positive 21 three months ago , a third consecutive quarter .
The market &apos;s estimated median value is positive 22 .
In September , the large non @-@ manufacturing outlook index declined from positive 24 surveyed in June to positive 22 , the first deterioration in eight quarters .
The Reuters Survey is positive 22 .
The survey showed that the outlook index remained stable in both large manufacturing and non @-@ manufacturing sectors in December .
Investors are not concerned about the decline in short @-@ sighted business prospects , with the Japanese stock daily index ... N225 climbing to a 27 @-@ year high on Monday , helping to improve Japanese firms &quot; export earnings prospects because of the continued depreciation of the Japanese yen .
Capital expenditures are robust .
Despite the decline in business confidence , recent short @-@ sightedness highlights the robustness of corporate capital spending programs , benefiting from renewed capacity and increased investment in robots and automation to cope with labor shortages as a result of aging populations .
The central bank &apos;s short @-@ sighted survey shows that large corporations plan to increase capital spending by 13.4 % for the fiscal year ending March 2019 .
At 13.6 per cent in the previous short @-@ sighted survey .
nan Wuzhi said that all enterprise capital spending plans for this fiscal year have grown by 8.5 % , close to the pace of Japan &apos;s bubble economy .
He said that there was room for further growth in capital spending , given the current profit forecast for small businesses , but much depended on the impact of the trade war on business confidence .
The short @-@ sighted survey showed an increase in the ability of firms to pass on costs , with large enterprise output price indices of positive 7 , the highest in a decade , an encouraging sign of progress in Japan &apos;s efforts to combat deflation .
The index measuring employment in large enterprises touches negative 23 , the most tight level since 1992 , highlighting the tightening of the job market .
Thanks to strong corporate spending , the Japanese economy rebounded in the second quarter of this year from the contraction of 1 @ - @ in March .
But the prospect of an export @-@ dependent Japanese economy is overshadowed by escalating trade frictions and disruptions to the supply chain in the summer .
In United States dollars , exports and imports of services grew at a rate of 16.4 per cent .
The Department of Commerce website press release quoted the head of the Division of Tariffs and Trade as saying that 1 @ -- @ -- in August , total exports and imports of emerging services exceeded 1 trillion yuan , increasing faster than overall .
Of these , total exports and imports of emerging services amounted to $ 1,138.39 billion , an increase of 20.9 per cent , which was 10.4 percentage points higher than the overall rate of growth in services exports and nearly 3 percentage points higher for emerging services .
On services exports , 1 @ - @ August , services exports continued the rapid growth that they have seen this year , with exports growing at a faster rate than imports by 5.7 percentage points .
The top three areas of growth were telecommunications computers and information services , personal cultural and entertainment services and insurance services , with growth rates of 61.1 per cent , 38.8 per cent and 26.5 per cent , respectively .
The Officer @-@ in @-@ Charge of the Division of Tariffs and Trade also noted that the share of imports of emerging services was gradually increasing in August at 1 @ - .
1 @ - In August , emerging services imports grew rapidly , accounting for 23.6 per cent of services imports , up 1.6 percentage points from the same period last year .
Of these , imports of financial services , intellectual property user fees , telecommunications computers and information services increased by more than 20 per cent , to 47.1 per cent , 23.3 per cent and 23.2 per cent , respectively .
Sichia : Masisi took the place to assist in the three rounds of the Ringping Bassa League .
The 7th round of Barcelona &apos;s main field competition for Bilbao was held last night . The first half of De Marcos &apos;s field was led by a team of help guests , and the second half of Masisi &apos;s field was replaced by an attack on Munir &apos;s wrench , and the two sides closed the 1 : 1 game . After this battle , Bassa &apos;s three rounds were not won .
This battle rotates between Masisi and Bustktz .
Seeing the scores lagging behind , Masisi returned to the scene in the second half .
Bassa , who had escaped the carnage , had already won three rounds of leagues , and had not been able to win a victory at the royal horse . Bassa was still at the top of the list on the basis of its net victory , although there was only one difference from the third behind , Seville .
Overseas travellers bless China : My motherland is strong , I am proud to @ - @ China News Network
Economic development , increased national strength , and the two words &quot; China &apos;s misery &quot; are also gaining in weight on the international stage .
All of this is more deeply felt by overseas Chinese .
The reform and opening up of the motherland has been so successful . Our overseas Chinese feel very happy . Therefore , this is very proud . I also hope that our motherland will become stronger and stronger .
Every time I return to China , the changes in the country are very great . There are also more and more artists coming out to spread Chinese culture . I think this change is very big .
The reform and opening @-@ up of our country is absolutely a miracle of the world .
Compared to the past , our association in Canada now says that it is an honour for us to be Chinese .
We are very proud of the efforts made by our country over the years .
China &apos;s strength is shared by overseas travellers , and many foreign friends have also expressed admiration .
They also sent their blessings to China and to the Chinese people .
I believe that China is one of the most fascinating cultures and civilizations in the world , and wish China and the United Arab Emirates friendship greater prosperity in the future .
I wish all Chinese well , because you are very good .
Live in China , you helped me , I hope all of you are fine .
Making the world a better place , as you are doing now .
When I know the new Polish friends and tell them that I am studying Chinese , they will say that you definitely have a good job .
In fact , this is how China has developed so well in recent years that I am happy .
I wish the Chinese people a happy National Day !
The price of oil or the prospect of a three @-@ way spike in the price of oil can be replenished ahead of time when the country drives its own way .
Chinanews.com , Beijing , September 30 ( Reporter Qiu Yu ) On September 30 , at 24 : 00 , a new round of product oil price adjustment windows will be opened in parallel with the National Day long holiday .
Several agencies predict a substantial increase in oil prices , resulting in a three @-@ way hike .
Automobile owners who plan to drive themselves can fill their cars with oil before prices rise .
Based on estimates from Longguang News , the corresponding increase in domestic product oil is expected to be around 190 yuan / tonne ; the increase in outstanding information is estimated to be 220 yuan / tonne .
In September , oil prices had increased twice : by $ 180 per ton for gasoline and $ 170 per ton for diesel on 3 September , and by $ 145 per ton for gasoline and $ 145 per ton for diesel on 17 September .
Domestic oil prices have been pegged to international oil prices . Since the current price cycle , international oil prices have fluctuated , and Brent &apos;s crude oil has continued to climb beyond the $ 80 mark .
As at closing on 28 September , the United States WTI crude oil futures had risen by $ 1.13 and were reported at $ 73.25 per barrel .
Brent crude oil futures increased by $ 1.0 , reporting $ 82.72 per barrel .
Looking at the international situation , tensions such as the United States sanctions against Iran and the overall trend in oil prices were high . Subsequently , the OPEC production cut conference explicitly refused to increase production , gave market confidence , and steadily increased oil prices .
Zhuo Xian , an information @-@ based oil analyst , just said .
At the retail level , the prices of gasoline at Beijing &apos;s China Petroleum and Petrochemical Petrochemical Station No. 92 and No. 95 are currently 7.66 yuan / l and 8.15 yuan / l , respectively .
ccording to Longguang Information Analyst Li Yan , the preferential promotion strategy in the retail sales of gas stations has not changed much . Currently , the preferential margin for major stations such as Sinopec is more than 0.5 @ - @ 0.7 yuan / l , while the preferential margin for private gas stations is more than 0.5 @ - @ 1.2 yuan / l .
The retail price of this round is going to rise by three times ; the equivalent price increase is about 0.14 @ - @ 0.16 yuan , and private car owners are advised to fill with oil before the long holiday arrives . Li Yang said .
Pupils who do the wrong questions are physically punished by the teacher to get rid of the annual merit evaluation at the school @ - @ China News Network
In response to the incident in which a primary school student in Suining made the wrong question and was subjected to corporal punishment by the teacher , the official Weibo of the Heidong New District Management Committee in Suning City issued a briefing yesterday , saying that after checking that the situation of the corporal punishment of students by teacher Lux XX of the Zhu County Foreign Language Primary School was true , he had been transferred from his post of teacher and that the school involved in the matter had cancelled his annual qualifications for evaluation of excellence .
A few days ago , parents reported that girls in the sixth grade of a primary school in Suining were beaten by class mathematics teachers at school because they had made mistakes , which attracted widespread attention .
Afterwards , the Social Affairs Bureau of the Xinjiang District in Suining City set up an investigation team to enter the school to investigate and interrogate the relevant personnel , gather evidence on the spot , and redeploy the teachers involved from their teaching posts .
Yesterday , the official Weibo of the Xinjiang District Management Committee in Suining City said in a briefing that after investigation , the corporal punishment of students by Lux XX , a teacher at the county &apos;s foreign language primary school , was confirmed .
After research , the end @-@ of @-@ year assessment of the Suzhou Foreign Language Primary School was rejected by a vote , and the annual qualifications for evaluation were cancelled .
The report also said that the administrative team of the Suzhou Foreign Language Primary School had conducted a collective admonition conversation and dealt with the directors and instructors in accordance with the relevant regulations ; that Luo XX , a teacher involved in the matter , had been reassigned from the teaching post and seriously dealt with in accordance with the relevant provisions ; and that the Suzhou Foreign Language Primary School had been ordered to carry out a thorough inspection and carry out the construction activities of teachers and teachers to take practical measures to prevent the recurrence of such incidents .
At the same time , schools should take the initiative to communicate with the parents of students and properly handle the follow @-@ up work .
Opening of the 69th International Astronautical Congress in Germany @ - @ CNN
inhua News Agency , Bremen , Germany , October 1 ( Reporter : Ren Yirong Zhang ) - The 69th International Astronautical Congress opened its curtain on October 1 at Bremen Convention Center in Germany , attended by more than 6,300 astronauts , representatives of space agencies and businesses , expert scholars and young students from all over the world .
In his opening statement , the President of the International Astronautical Federation , Jean @-@ Yves Logar , said that the global space enterprise was no longer involving only a handful of countries and institutions and that the number of participants in the year had increased significantly from the previous one , indicating that a growing number of institutions and people were joining .
He called on States to strengthen cooperation and innovation in order to jointly advance the cause of space .
Zhang Kehong , Vice Minister of Industry and Information Technology of China and Director of the National Space Administration , presented China &apos;s space programme at the exchange event and said that China would expand international cooperation in the space field and contribute to the cause of space for humanity .
Representatives of relevant institutions , such as the China Space Science and Technology Consortium and the China Aerospace Science and Technology Industry Corporation , as well as a number of private enterprises , attended and presented the latest achievements of Chinese space , including various launch vehicles , satellites and space science and technology applications products .
The International Astronautical Congress , which has been held annually since 1950 , is the largest gathering of the world &apos;s aviation community .
The Congress lasted five days and was co @-@ sponsored by the International Astronautical Federation , the International Academy of Astronautics , the Center for Applied Technology and Microgravity Studies of Bremen University , the International Institute of Space Law and others .
BEIJING , November 5 - According to a press release released by the China Foreign Trade Center on Sunday , the Canton Fair shows that China &apos;s foreign trade situation remains complex and serious , with 80.6 % of enterprises expecting to export better than the previous year or even in 2018 .
But , given the external environment of rising costs of domestic raw materials , labor , and other factors , and greater trade friction between China and the US , participating firms also believe that next year &apos;s export situation is not promising .
At the closing press conference of the 124th Canton Fair , Xu Bing , deputy secretary @-@ general of the Canton Fair , press spokesman and deputy director of the China Foreign Trade Center , said that the number of overseas purchasers attending the Canton Fair and the number of overseas purchasers entering the conference had all dropped slightly from year to year .
The number of current purchasers attending the conference was 189,812 from 215 countries and territories , a decrease of 1.11 per cent year on year .
Export transactions amounted to RMB 206,494 million ( equivalent to $ 29.86 billion ) , a decrease of 1 per cent from the previous year .
In terms of markets , the BRICS countries increased by 74.4 per cent , 11.4 per cent , 7.2 per cent and 2.5 per cent , respectively , for Japan , the ASEAN 10 countries , the BRICS countries and South Korea , and fell by 30.3 per cent , 8.9 per cent , 7.3 per cent and 0.8 per cent , respectively , for traditional markets such as the United States , Australia , Canada and the European Union .
In terms of industry , transport , mechanical equipment , construction and decorative materials , consumer electronics and information products , and bathroom equipment increased by 24.8 per cent , 21.1 per cent , 20.0 per cent , 15.1 per cent and 7.6 per cent , respectively , while textile clothing and household appliances decreased by 13.0 per cent and 6.7 per cent , respectively .
Xu Bing said that , as a barometer and a sign of the direction of China &apos;s foreign trade , the current Canton Fair procurement situation and data on export transactions show that China &apos;s foreign trade development still faces many uncertainties next year .
However , with the deepening of supply @-@ side structural reforms and the recent introduction of national and local policy measures such as the six stabilization measures , China &apos;s new momentum in foreign trade development is accelerating its accumulation and new developments in the diversification of its corporate market are all important foundations and powerful conditions for the development of foreign trade .
Combining factors from all sides , it is expected that China &apos;s foreign trade exports and imports will continue to grow steadily throughout the year , further improving quality and effectiveness . According to Xu Bing .
According to the China Customs Administration , exports grew by 14.5 per cent year on year in September in United States dollars , imports grew by 14.3 per cent year on year , and the trade surplus in September was $ 31.69 billion , the highest rate of export growth and trade surplus since February this year .
Despite the escalating trade friction between China and the US , China &apos;s export performance in September has greatly surpassed expectations . Foreign demand is strong , firms are grabbing exports before imposing tariffs on the US and overshooting the renminbi exchange rate to depreciate , or major support factors have shown some resilience in China &apos;s foreign trade . However , the impact of the Sino @-@ US trade war on confidence and the impact on the industrial chain should not be underestimated . Analysts believe that China &apos;s foreign trade challenges are likely to manifest themselves in the fourth quarter or next year .
The Reuters survey showed that US fund managers recommended increased cash holdings in September and continued to be cautious , as the United States and China began the latest round of reciprocal import tariffs and the dispute showed no sign of détente .
However , 12 fund managers participating in the survey recommended that North America &apos;s asset allocation increase to its highest level since June 2017 , while the positions of the United Kingdom , the euro area and , in particular , emerging markets declined .
The global equities allocation averaged 56.6 % , with bonds accounting for 35.5 % , largely consistent with last month &apos;s survey .
The most notable change was the increase in the cash @-@ allocation ratio to 5.1 per cent , the highest level since December 2014 .
A fund manager of a large foundation company said that some economic data had brought confidence to the market , but the trade war was still the biggest concern , so it would be better to prepare to enter when the market fell back .
But in September , fund managers preferred stocks , especially in the United States , even if they were perceived as high .
Today , in Shanghai , China &apos;s open landmark , the world &apos;s first major national @-@ level exhibition with import as its theme -- the China International Import Expo -- officially opened its curtain in the expectation of the masses .
An exhibition is like a window of opportunity that gives the world a better understanding of a city and a country .
Through entering this window of the Expo , people see a move toward a higher level of opening up China ; through entering the window of the Expo , people welcome the mutual benefit of the world and China , which reforms and opens up before leaving China .
For a country , openness , like turning into a butterfly , will be painful for a while , but will be replaced by a new one .
General Secretary Xi Jinping &apos;s summary of the road to openness points to an important reason why China can withstand it .
Looking back at the 40 years of reform and opening @-@ up , China , which dared to jump into the sea of world markets , despite its vortex and winds , has always faced all risk challenges in an open @-@ minded manner , continuously unleashing its endogenous momentum and continuously improving its competitiveness .
It can be said that China has used its own real achievements to strongly explain the value and significance of openness .
From a new historical starting point , the organization of the import @-@ focused Expo was a major decision by the Party Central Committee , with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core , to push for a new round of high @-@ level opening to the world . It was a major move by China to open its markets to the world . It was a practical move by China in support of economic globalization and trade liberalization . It demonstrated that the door to opening up China will not be closed , but will only go beyond it with a strong and clear will .
And the strong registration of exhibitors from all over the world and the difficulty in obtaining a showroom are the biggest certainty and best response to China &apos;s broader , broader , and deeper development of an open economy .
More important , the current global economic and trade order has reached a crossroads .
The wall of trade protectionism and the retreat of some countries to the old path of unilateralism have increased the international community &apos;s concerns about the prospects for free trade and added to the uncertainties of a buoyant world economy .
Against this background of times , this grand gathering on the Yellow Pu River reflects China &apos;s defense of free trade , allowing the world to see open markets , shared future Chinese self @-@ confidence , and China assuming responsibility .
Doing it alone is fast , and the public is far away .
By opening its mind and embracing the world , China has not only forcefully promoted its own development , but has also brought huge opportunities to China in various countries and regions of the world .
In recent years , China has provided a range of international public goods , offering real export markets , development opportunities and employment opportunities , and allowing enterprises from all countries to take the China Development Express to waste .
The Expo is also such a public good , a major platform for global economic and trade cooperation .
On top of this platform , more than 3,000 enterprises from more than 130 countries and regions took a new step in the Chinese market with their unique and high @-@ quality products and services .
In addition to national enterprises , domestic consumers are the real beneficiaries .
By setting up this platform , which is preferably excellent , it provides a multi @-@ channel , high @-@ quality supply for consumer upgrading , satisfying the individualized , diversified , and differentiated consumer needs of the masses of people .
As the door to China &apos;s opening widens , its goods open and its goods put to good use , the pace toward a better life will be even stronger .
More broadly , it goes beyond economics and trade and looks to the future , conveying an open , inclusive , inclusive , balanced , win @-@ win vision to forge a common understanding of today &apos;s challenges .
Only if the world is good can China be good ; if China is good , the world is better .
We look forward to the brilliant and successful world that comes to the Expo ; we look forward to a higher level of open China working with the world to build a shining future for the human destiny community .
Foreign media : framework agreement between the United States and Canada on NAFTA .
# 91 ; Summary # 93 ; The agreement includes the opening of Canada &apos;s dairy market to the United States and the temporary non @-@ imposition by the United States of tariffs on cars produced in Canada .
According to foreign media reports , a Canadian source revealed on the evening of September 30 that the United States and Canada had reached a framework agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement .
It was revealed that the agreement included the opening of Canada &apos;s dairy industry market to the United States and the temporary non @-@ imposition by the United States of tariffs on cars produced in Canada .
Last month , the United States and Mexico announced a preliminary agreement in principle on updating the North American Free Trade Agreement , but the United States and Canada failed to reach an agreement by the 31 August deadline set by the United States to extend the negotiations until 30 September .
Earlier , Canada &apos;s Foreign Minister , Ferrand &apos;s spokesman , said that Canada would sign only favorable agreements , focusing on substance rather than timetable , and that we would continue consultations in the hope of reaching agreements that would serve Canada &apos;s national interests .
More than 90 % of Brazilian women voters said that presidential candidates did not take women &apos;s needs into account .
According to the South American Expatriate Network , data published recently by the Brazilian National Institute of Geography ( IBGE ) indicate that more than 90 per cent of Brazilian women do not believe that presidential candidates take women &apos;s needs into account .
According to the report , the number of women in Brazil had reached 107 million , and if women were brought together to form a country , that country would rank 13th in the world , twice as many people as Spain .
In Brazil , women account for 52 per cent of the electorate and men for 48 per cent , while women represent a very high percentage of the electorate , they represent only 10 per cent of the electorate in Brazil &apos;s Congress .
Of the 193 countries in the world , Brazil ranked 154th in political participation , higher than the Arab countries .
After more than 20 years of struggle for rights , Brazilian women have still not succeeded in gaining their rightful rights .
As the Brazilian sociologist Natalia Mori has pointed out , this phenomenon is due to the combination of ancient patriarchal society , racism , and capitalist values .
Politics is supposed to be a citizen &apos;s claim to citizenship , identity , access to public goods , and the formation of one society by several social groups , but Brazilian politics is a monopoly of one group , and the majority of the population is not represented .
A previous study by the Brazilian Machine Institute ( Locomotiva ) also noted that 94 per cent of Brazilian women do not feel that elected politicians represent their rights , 90 per cent disagree with the decisions taken by politicians and 93 per cent disagree with the current government policy .
We need to reverse the underrepresentation of women in parliament , with Brazil &apos;s political system still suffering from inequality , with so far serious gender , class , and racial discrimination in Brazilian politics , as Natalia Mori put it .
Despite women &apos;s lack of empowerment , most Brazilian women still believe in the power of democracy .
The survey showed that 76 per cent of women believed that they could make a difference in democratic elections and 72 per cent were interested in politics .
In addition , 55 per cent of women believe that democracy is the best way to make women less prejudiced .
Chinanews.com , Astana , October 1 ( Reporter Wen Long Jie ) The Chinese Embassy in Kazakhstan held a solemn flag @-@ raising ceremony on October 1 to welcome the 69 @-@ year @-@ old Christmas of New China .
All the staff of the Chinese Embassy in Kazakhstan , news agencies accredited in Kazakhstan , financial institutions , Chinese @-@ funded enterprises , overseas Chinese , Confucius Institute and overseas students represented more than 80 people at the event .
On October 1 , the Chinese Embassy in Kazakhstan held a flag @-@ raising ceremony to welcome the 69 @-@ year @-@ old Christmas of the New China .
After the flag @-@ raising ceremony , Chinese Ambassador to Ha Zhang Xiaoqiao said that , on the 69th birthday of the Great Motherland , we were holding a solemn flag @-@ raising ceremony in our homelands abroad , which was a profound patriotic education activity .
Although people have lived abroad for a long time , they are always great motherland in their hearts .
Zhang Xiao said that today the Chinese nation is closer than ever to realizing the great goal of national renaissance , and closer than ever to the center of the world stage .
Our mission , responsibilities and work are more honourable , arduous and onerous than ever .
Zhang Xiaoqiao stressed that we should not forget our original intentions , remember our mission , and push the CCP to build a stable and deep path along the border , and draw up a more beautiful joint construction of the river along the border , and put all our strength into the development of the motherland and friendly cooperation between China , ha .
The T2 terminal at Guilin International Airport in Guangxi was officially opened on the 30th .
Chinese Communist Party Guilin Municipal Party Secretary Zhao Leqin said that after the opening of the new terminal building , he was able to meet the demand for 12 million passengers per year , and built a new advantage in Guilin &apos;s air traffic , which is of great significance to further improve the modern three @-@ way , three @-@ way , four @-@ way , four @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , four @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , four @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way , one @-@ way @-@ way , one @-@ way @-@ way , and
Guilin is expected to receive more than 90 million visitors this year .
The expansion of the T2 terminal and apron support facilities at Guilin International Airport is a major public benefit project for the 60th anniversary of the founding of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region . It is also a landmark project for the construction of Guilin International Tourism Site .
The project began work in December 2015 , with a construction area of 100,000 square metres , with a total investment of RMB 3,258 million . Once completed , the project will meet the annual demand of 12 million passenger throughput , 101.2 million departures and 95,000 tons of cargo mail throughput .
On the same day , more than 200 sorties of flights landed and landed in the T2 terminal of Guilin International Airport .
The design of the new terminal building is inspired by Guilin Mountain &apos;s A @-@ sky water . Looking at it from afar , it looks like a cloudy cloudy cloudy cloudy clouds . It looks like a cloudy cloudy cloudy cloudy of cloudy terraces and a clouded eaeaves of Gui @-@ bei people , and collides with Guilin Mountain water .
ccording to the introduction , the new terminal building at Guilin Airport can meet the peak traffic of nearly 4,000 passengers per hour entering and leaving the port . It has applied intelligent baggage sorting systems , security integration platforms , human face recognition and other technical means of using the Wisdom Harbor Harbour . It has planned commercial areas covering a wide range of business practices , including catering , department cargo , tax exemption and leisure and entertainment .
As most growth in Europe , Asia , and emerging markets has not been encouraging , the US has increasingly become the main engine of global economic growth .
On 23 September 2018 , a container freighter docked in the port in New Jersey , United States of America .
But , as America &apos;s current growth benefits from the timing of the fiscal stimulus of tax cuts , the country &apos;s economy is also receiving close attention .
With the US returning to full employment , a downturn in the economy is inevitable .
The only question , he said , was when it would happen and , in his view , it might only be possible not to delay it in advance .
Although Barclays was optimistic about the US economy &apos;s prospects until the end of the year , the Bank admitted that forecasting for longer periods would be more difficult .
In the absence of more sustainable investment growth to boost economic growth potential , current growth , inspired by fiscal policy , will not be sustainable , as the Barclays economists put it in a study .
In the absence of investment growth , the risk of a hard landing in 2020 will rise , they claim .
A series of enterprise surveys will generally show that the major economies are in the midst of an economic cycle towards the end of the third quarter .
The eurozone and US manufacturing surveys , scheduled to be published next Monday , will receive attention , and the services survey will be published on Wednesday .
But next week &apos;s data page will surely focus on non @-@ farm employment in the United States , to be released next Friday , which will provide clues about whether a tight job market is driving large wage growth .
Its importance is important not only for corporate profitability and consumer purchasing power , but also for wage hikes or the rise in overall inflation , which may be a source of anxiety for officials of the United States Federal Reserve ( Fed ) .
Remuneration will be a major concern , as it is likely to increase significantly again from the previous month .
The increase in September may not exceed 3 % from the same period last year , but we can expect a breakthrough next month , as the economists of the Netherlands International Group ( ING ) wrote in a study .
Europe &apos;s political situation could become a source of market volatility at a time when vacations in China and elsewhere in Asia are causing the region to lose data next week .
With Italy &apos;s government ignoring previous fiscal commitments to the EU , the rest of the EU will have to quickly determine whether to strongly oppose Italy &apos;s decision , which it does not support , and which it hopes will be respected .
As the Brexit talks enter a critical phase , the British Conservatives &quot; annual meeting in Birmingham is likely to spill over .
Meanwhile , as Brazil holds a much @-@ anticipated presidential election next weekend , the concerns surrounding emerging markets are unlikely to wane .
# 91 ; Summary # 93 . When completed , the ship will be sent to the East China Sea Branch of the State Oceanic Administration of China for use . Chen Xu , Chief of the Observing Division of the Marine Early Warning and Monitoring Division of the Ministry of Natural Resources of China , said that its commissioning will be of great importance for the development of China &apos;s offshore ocean observing system and the advancement of global ocean observations .
On September 29 , China &apos;s first 3000 @-@ ton large @-@ scale buoy ship landed towards the Yangyang Red 22 at the Chinese Armed Ship Group .
When completed , the ship will break the current equipment bottleneck in China &apos;s safeguard work in large buoys , submerged buoys , recycling , and emergency repairs .
The Yangyang Red 22 pilgrimage is mainly used for the regular patrolling and maintenance , regular deployment and recycling of buoys / submerges , emergency deployment , recovery and emergency repair of buoys / submerges , among other safeguards , as well as the ability to carry out integrated ocean survey missions such as cross @-@ section surveys .
The new vessel had a total length of 89 metres , a width of 18 metres , a depth of 7.2 metres and a continuous capacity of 10,000 nautical miles .
Wang Wei @-@ wi , deputy general manager of the armed ship group , said that the 22 @-@ ship riverbed to Yang Hong was our country &apos;s first large @-@ scale buoy operating ship , and it was also the only working ship in the country with the ability to lift a 10 @-@ meter large buoy operating capability . It will further improve our country &apos;s large @-@ scale buoy safeguarding capability .
It is understood that the ship will be delivered to the East China Sea Branch of the State Oceanic Administration of China for use upon its construction . Chen Xu , Chief of the Observing Division of the Marine Early Warning and Monitoring Division of the Ministry of Natural Resources of China , said that the vessel &apos;s commissioning will be of great significance for the development of China &apos;s offshore ocean observing system and the advancement of global ocean observations .
The vessel , which has both large @-@ scale buoy placement and maintenance operations and a comprehensive maritime survey capability , is our first integrated ship dedicated to the operation of the mid @-@ sea buoy and the integrated maritime survey .
With such a buoy operating vessel , we will have strong tools for ocean observation and investigation in the future .
Chinanews.com , Qingdao , October 1 - Owing to the impact of Typhoon Du Mei &apos;s sound , the 2018 International Limit Sailing Vessel Series Qingdao station Di Mao Yuan , scheduled to open on September 30 , postponed the first competition day to October 1 , and met in front of the competition at the Qingdao Olympic Fan Center . The captain of 12 water @-@ wing twin @-@ body sailing fleets from six countries and regions made several appearances .
Under the impact of the typhoon Hitpang , the strong winds in the harbor pool continued , with the maximum wind speed even reaching 24 days . The opening signal was delayed for nearly 90 minutes from 1 p.m. on the 30th . The wind speed remained unchanged . The general referee of the competition , Anne Mdrant , announced the cancellation of the first day of the competition and the postponement of the competition until the afternoon of October 1st .
The strong winds blown from the shore continue , and the sea situation is really too violent .
Mdrant explained that , under such circumstances , no one knew when the showers were scratching the boats with what kind of wind .
Cancellation of the competition is the smartest option in the current climate , close to the city &apos;s stadium .
All ready crews remain somewhat disappointed .
The boat is ready to stop , and our condition is not bad .
The leader of the Qingdao team , Max Richardson , frankly said : I know , however , that changing the race is the right choice , and I hope that today &apos;s wind power is smaller , and we can stand up .
The star of hope known as the New Zealand team for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics , Oumica Wilkinson , said that the loss of a day made the match even more interesting .
Because today &apos;s match will grow in weight , and only two days remain .
Everyone will definitely be particularly desperate .
Despite the strong sea winds , Pierre Ives Durand , the head of the French AbM team , spoke in a pre @-@ race meeting about his warmth with Qingdao , the venue of the competition : five years ago , the international limited sailing series had its own accidental injuries , muscles fractured , and it was thanks to the handling of the local game medical team that it was able to stand at the competition site today , five years later .
ccording to reports , the international limited sailing series was founded in 2007 as a world sailing league with events such as Volvo , the Cup of the Americas , and the World Sailing against Tour .
The Qingdao station competition will use FlyingPhantom Flutick .
2018 was the eighth year that the event landed on the sailing boat and the Qingdao station was also the end of the series .
Despite continued global financial market shocks , the Hong Kong Monetary Authority said on Monday that the investment income of foreign exchange funds in the third quarter of this year fell by 97 % a year , but was better than in the previous quarter . As a result of the Sino @-@ US trade war , overseas stocks had risen to high levels and foreign exchange losses had narrowed markedly .
According to the Authority &apos;s latest data , in July 2018 @ - @ September , the foreign exchange fund recorded investment income of HK $ 1.6 billion , which is significantly lower than the HK $ 61.8 billion recorded in the same period last year , but better than the revised HK $ 100 million in the second quarter of this year .
n the Legislative Council , Kim Delin , Managing Director of the China @-@ US trade war , said that at the beginning of the Sino @-@ US trade war , the Hong Kong and emerging market stock indices ran counter to the US equity index . Until the end of September and early October , after the US stock market index peaked , market sentiment began to reverse , as investors gradually realized that the trade war was also bad for the US itself .
A change in market sentiment is a good thing , and if trade wars have only one @-@ sided effects , they will do little to resolve matters .
At the same time , however , he pointed out that financial @-@ market volatility would continue to rise if the Sino @-@ US trade war was not resolved .
In the third quarter of this year , the foreign exchange fund &apos;s equity investment losses in Hong Kong narrowed from HK $ 8 to HK $ 4.7 billion compared to the previous quarter , while overseas equity investment returns soared from HK $ 172 to HK $ 12.8 billion ; foreign exchange losses of HK $ 16.2 billion , bond yields of HK $ 9.7 billion , decreased by 24 per cent and 31 per cent , respectively , each quarter , mainly reflecting the general rise in the value of the United States dollar against major currencies during the quarter and the rise in the United States breeding rate from 3 per cent in mid @-@ September .
Foreign exchange funds are used primarily to support the Hong Kong dollar .
Hong Kong has had a Hong Kong dollar @-@ dollar peg exchange rate since 1983 .
Regarding the current financial situation in Hong Kong , Chen Delin said that economic and asset market uncertainty had increased , and downside risks had increased , but Hong Kong &apos;s financial system was robust , defensive , and resilient to earthquakes .
Hong Kong &apos;s international investment position is plentiful , with $ 1.4 trillion in net foreign assets equivalent to four times GDP , 2.5 times higher than Singapore &apos;s and 0.6 times higher than Japan &apos;s , more than enough to cope with downturns or reversals .
Recently , the Hong Kong dollar has continued to fall back and the spreads with the US dollar have widened . Chen Delin pointed out that the exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar rose by more than 400 basis points on September 21 . The market is generally believed to be mainly related to the rise in the Hong Kong dollar &apos;s interest rate . Afterwards , the Hong Kong dollar hovers against the US dollar at a level near 7.80 @ - @ 7.84 . In the near future , the Hong Kong dollar &apos;s interest rate has continued to fall . The spreads with the US dollar have widened . This may attract more interest @-@ rate arbitrage in the market to sell the Hong Kong dollar and buy the US dollar , making it more likely that the Hong Kong dollar will once again trigger the weak party &apos;s guarantee of exchange than in the previous period .
But he believes that as the interest @-@ rate hike cycle of Hong Kong &apos;s banks begins and the Hong Kong dollar interest rate normalizes , the future situation of the Hong Kong dollar interest rate below the dollar rate will change .
The interest rate on the Hong Kong dollar will move more in line with the trend in the United States dollar , and we must be more careful to manage risks and prepare for market volatility .
Due to the abundance of funds in the Hong Kong dollar , the Hong Kong dollar depreciated further , with three @-@ month deduction rates falling by 0.9 to 2.08179 per cent on Monday , the difference with the United States dollar expanding from 46 basis points to 51 basis points , and one @-@ month deduction rates reaching a new low of five months , with the difference with the United States dollar increasing from 120 basis points to 127 basis points .
The spot exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar was close to 7.85 to the United States dollar for most of the period from May to mid @-@ September .
During this period , the weak party exchange assurances were repeatedly activated in May and August , following the first trigger in April , as a result of , inter alia , hedging activities and the release from the Hong Kong dollar of some of the funds obtained after the completion of the large @-@ scale bidding exercise .
The Authority buys the Hong Kong dollar at 7.85 level and buys the United States dollar in accordance with the exchange rate regime in order to maintain stability in the Hong Kong dollar exchange rate .
The Authority purchased approximately HK $ 52.1 billion in May and August under the weak exchange guarantee mechanism .
Does the new tax law have any benefits for people abroad ?
n response to press enquiries on the 30th , the relevant officials of the Department of Finance and the Tax Administration said that in order to maintain policy stability , the next step in implementing the new personal income tax law will be to consider continuing preferential arrangements for overseas persons , including Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan .
Some reporters asked that the newly revised personal income tax law adjusted our country &apos;s personal income tax resident &apos;s tax determination criteria from one year to 183 days .
Please ask whether there are any preferential arrangements for overseas persons , including Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan , in the next step in the implementation of the Act .
The person in charge responded that the regulations on the implementation of the personal income tax law currently in force have special privileges for the taxation of persons abroad . Individuals who do not have residence in China but live in China for more than one year or five years may pay personal income tax only for those parts of the income earned outside China that are paid by units or individuals in China .
The person in charge said that in order to maintain policy stability , the next step in the implementation of the new personal income tax law would be to consider continuing preferential arrangements for overseas persons , including Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan .
There is no menstrual centre at the threshold : quality certification promotes quality upgrading .
With the economic ruin of the two children and the boom in the market for mothers and children , from the north to the cities on the third and fourth lines , various types of monthly children &apos;s clubs have emerged from all over the country .
At present , the very hot moon meeting meets the consumer needs of the masses , with fees ranging from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of yuan , but at the same time it is also in an awkward position . This institution has no threshold so far , and there is still a gap in supervision .
Recently , the State Administration of Market Supervision launched a series of activities throughout the country in 2018 . The reporter visited a five @-@ star moon centre in Tianjin City to visit the certification experience of mother and child care services .
Services such as neonatal care , nutritious meals , post @-@ partum plastic prostheses are provided in general menstrual centres .
At this monthly child center , the reporter saw nurses check their babies daily for breastfeeding , and professional carers provide the neonates with sophisticated care services such as bathing , catching , etc .
At the same time , in order to meet the needs of new mothers , from early menstrual wound care to mid @-@ menstrual and post @-@ menstrual beauty care , care programs such as Chinese medicine treatment beauty , etc. are provided to help mothers regain their kindness .
A new mother living in the house told the reporter that she had only booked the moon club eight months in advance .
The menstrual service projects have a direct impact on comfort during the maternity month and on physical recovery . Some small menstrual clubs can only provide some simple menstrual services , with hidden problems of sterile hygiene , susceptibility to cross @-@ infection , and single unscience of diet .
The person in charge of this moon subcenter said that they were the only one of the five @-@ star monthly subcentres in Tianjin City to have been accredited with B @-@ class services .
Although some clients initially did not understand what level B certification meant , it was important for the long @-@ term development of the enterprise by subverting the enterprise &apos;s strictly standardized process management through certification and benefiting them . He said .
Panriffin , Deputy Director of the Accreditation Regulatory Department of the State Administration of Market Supervision , said that certification of services is a new certification system based on customer perception , attention to organizational quality management and satisfaction of service characteristics . It is an important component of the national quality infrastructure and has a positive impact on increasing the share of supply of quality services and enhancing the international competitiveness of Chinese services .
Starting in 2004 , after more than 10 years of development , the service certification project underwent a process of gradual development from scratch to scratch , with the emergence of a number of influential service certifications such as the certification of financial services , the certification of mother and child care services , the certification of after @-@ sales services , the certification of e @-@ commerce services and the certification of health services .
According to statistics from the State Administration of Market Supervision , there are currently more than 130 service certification agencies in China , more than 2,000 service certification staff , and nearly 8,000 valid certification certificates .
Panriffin said that he needed to further guide and promote the development of service certification and gradually expand service certification coverage in the areas of health , education , sports , finance , electronics , etc . , and promote supply @-@ side reform and quality improvement in the service sector .
Reuters , November 5 - Hong Kong property prices fell back for two consecutive months after seeing the peak , Hong Kong Financial Authority President Chen Delin said on Monday that time is still needed to see if the housing market has entered a downward cycle , and if confirmed , consider relaxing the tightening of countercyclical measures in due course .
Chen Delin added that if property prices were to be adjusted back , those who would be the first to be affected would be those who set up their businesses at the peak of the housing market , but it was expected that there would be , for example , a sharp drop in property prices during the Asian financial storm in 1997 , and that citizens would have a much lower chance of selling property at significantly reduced prices .
Chen Delin led several senior officials of the Authority to attend the LegCo briefing and said that if they confirmed that the housing market was entering a downward cycle , they could gradually relax their measures when appropriate .
However , at present , only a few weeks of data are available . It is still too early to talk about relaxation . It will still take more time to see if the housing market is going into a downward cycle .
Since October 2009 , the Authority has launched eight rounds of counter @-@ cyclical measures to significantly tighten mortgages in various types of property , including reducing the number of mortgages and requiring mortgage applicants to pass rigorous stress tests to improve bank risk management and earthquake resistance .
As Hong Kong formally enters the interest @-@ rate hike cycle , the Hong Kong @-@ wide private housing price index for 8 @ - @ September has peaked for two consecutive months , with the monthly decline in September increasing to 1.44 per cent .
However , the cumulative increase in the first three quarters of the year was still 10.2 per cent .
According to the Hong Kong Monetary Authority , the financial health of households measuring Hong Kong &apos;s resilience to financial risks is still healthy . In the second quarter of this year , the proportion of households in Hong Kong without mortgages reached 66 per cent , up from an average of 60 per cent in 2009 @ - @ 11 ; the average number of new mortgages issued was 47 per cent and 34 per cent respectively , up from 64 per cent and 41 per cent in 2009 @ - @ 11 .
However , Chen Delin said that high earthquake resistance did not mean that residents of established businesses would not suffer downside damage , because property valuation would fall , and those who bought buildings during peak periods would bear the brunt of it .
Although the Authority has tightened bank lending to mortgage lenders , business owners can obtain high levels of mortgage lending , either through mortgage insurance or through the provision of mortgage loans by development agents .
Chen Delin said that , together with the mortgage loans provided to developers , the number of borrowers can now reach 85 @ - @ 90 % , and if property prices fall by 10 % , negative assets will emerge ( that is , the market value of the property industry falls below the level of the total outstanding mortgage loans ) .
However , Nguyen Guy Hsien , Vice President of the Kim Authority , pointed out that the authorities estimated that a high percentage of the total amount of mortgages provided by development agents represented only 2 @ - @ 2.5 per cent of the total amount of bank mortgages , which remained low .
At the peak of Hong Kong &apos;s negative assets in 2003 , the number of negative assets exceeded 100,000 , accounting for 22 per cent of the construction supply .
As of the third quarter of this year , Hong Kong recorded zero negative assets for seven consecutive quarters .
inhua News Agency , Beijing , October 1 ( Liu Hongxia , Ma Rui ) - E @-@ commerce retail export enterprises welcome yet another wave of tax benefits and benefits on October 1 , involving value @-@ added tax , excise tax exemption , etc .
A joint letter from the Ministry of Finance , the State Administration of Taxation , the Ministry of Commerce and the Customs Administration recently clarified that export of goods that have not obtained valid import documents to enterprises exporting electricity in the integrated pilot area of cross @-@ border e @-@ commerce will be subject to the following conditions :
First , e @-@ commerce exporting enterprises are registered in the Comprehensive Test Zone and on the Integrated Service Platform ( ISP ) at the place of registration for cross @-@ border e @-@ commerce , the date of export , the name of the goods , the unit of measure , the quantity , the unit price and the amount .
Second , e @-@ commerce export declarations are processed through the customs office where the consolidated test zone is located .
Thirdly , export goods do not belong to the Ministry of Finance and the General Tax Administration , which , in accordance with the decision of the State Council , expressly eliminate export rebates ( exemptions ) .
The circular specifies that the Customs Administration regularly transmits electronic information on the electronic export goods declaration list to the State Tax Administration .
The tax authorities of the Comprehensive Test Zones have strengthened the duty @-@ free management of export goods on the basis of the electronic information of the Export Commodity Declaration List , which is divided among the State Tax Administration .
The circular indicated that specific tax exemption schemes were developed by the provincial tax authorities in the finance and business sectors .
The offices of the Leading Group for the Construction of the Comprehensive Test Zones and business authorities should promote intersectoral communication and related policy implementation in an integrated manner , expedite the establishment of a monitoring system for e @-@ commerce export statistics and promote the healthy and rapid development of cross @-@ border e @-@ commerce .
Chinanews.com , Ordos , November 5 ( Zhang Lin Tiger ) - A man in Liaoning province actually killed the lover and threw his corpse , before escaping to the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region due to differences in the distribution of money .
On the 5th , the reporter learned from the Dongsheng District Public Security Bureau in Odos , Inner Mongolia , that after a joint police investigation in both areas , the man was successfully captured .
On 26 June 2018 , a woman disappeared in Anshan City , Liaoning Province , and her family reported her case to the local police .
After investigation and determination by the police , this is not a simple case of population disappearance . The disappeared person is at high risk of being killed by the lover Wang . The police immediately set up a special unit to carry out further investigation .
On October 30 , the special case team discovered that suspected criminal Wang could hide to the Dongsheng district of Ordos city . The Dongsheng police immediately organized a brilliant police force to fully cooperate with the Liaoning police in detecting the case .
After five days of investigation , the police finally identified Wang &apos;s dead foot and thoroughly sorted out his associates .
On November 4 , the police in both places worked together to capture suspected criminal Wang in an excavator spare parts store in the East Sichuan district .
According to Wang , he had a relationship with the victim Bai , a lover . Because Bai &apos;s sister had a large sum of money held in Bai &apos;s name for the time being , the two decided to take this money for their own benefit .
On June 22 , 2018 , Wang and Bai disagreed over the disposition of the money , and Wang went further and killed Bai in the rental house , deconstructing the body and throwing it out .
At present , criminal suspect Wang has been handed over to the Anshan police in Liaoning .
The five major green developments in the beautiful Anhui are operating on @-@ line on the action @-@ theme trains
The five major development and beautiful Anhui second column of thematic trains , the &quot; Green Development in Action &quot; thematic trains , were officially put on line on the 5th .
In order to fully demonstrate the brilliant results of the five major developments in the construction of the beautiful Anhui , Heimi City Orbital Company and Jinnie Media Technology Company jointly designed and produced the five major development and beautiful Anhui series of thematic trains .
Among them , on October 1 , the first train , the one on the subject of innovative development in action , was officially put into operation on the Chimi city railway line No. 1 .
This time , the main theme train on the line picked the main blue green tone symbolizing mountain waters , showing vitality , vitality and a sense of purity .
The content of the campaign highlighted five key concepts of beautiful Anhui development and 18 representative examples of green development outcomes in the province , including the Jianghai @-@ Huai Canal Project , the Lin Changxing System , the Yangtze River Economic Zone Conservation Development , and the Million Mu Forest Growth Project .
In addition , coordinated development is taking place at the operational level , at the operational level at the operational level at the operational level at the operational level , and at the operational level at the operational level at the operational level at the three thematic trains will be launched in the near future .
Chinanews.com , Shenzhen , October 1 ( Zheng Xiaohong , Xu Temple Wei , Liu Shu Dream ) - October 1 is the first day in the Mainland &apos;s National Day and the last day of public holidays in Hong Kong &apos;s National Day . Many Mainland residents take advantage of their holidays to go out of the country for fun and shopping . There are also many deep @-@ seated Hong Kong residents who return to Hong Kong on that day . In Shenzhen , there are cases of guest flow and blast sheds at various ports . Luo Lake and Shenzhen Bay ports have opened 22 new self @-@ help passages to improve the efficiency of customs clearance at the ports and to facilitate efficient and fast customs clearance for passengers .
According to the data provided by the Shenzhen General Border Inspection Station , as of the afternoon of the same day at 16 : 00 , there were more than 429,000 departures and departures at Shenzhen Crossing , and there were more than 16,800 transport vehicles ( boats , shelves , and columns ) , all of which were busy and chaotic , maintaining a good order of entry and exit .
According to reports , the number of travellers taking advantage of national holidays to travel to countries such as Europe and South @-@ East Asia on vacation shopping continues to increase , influenced by many good factors such as the increase in the number of countries offering exit visa waiver policies to Chinese citizens .
In the early morning of the 1st , the direction of exit from the ports of Luohu , Shenzhen Bay , Wang Gang , Futian and other ports ushered in peak passenger ( car ) flow , with peak passenger flow from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. at Luohu port and peak passenger ( car ) flow from 6.30 a.m. to 13 noon at Shenzhen Bay .
According to the introduction , in order to cope with the peak flow of incoming and outgoing passengers ( vehicles ) , the Shenzhen General Border Inspection Station , in accordance with the unified deployment of the State Migration Administration , launched the working mode for peak passenger ( car ) flow periods , arranged for overtime police to support the first line of duty , opened sufficient advance inspection channels , guided passengers and vehicles to check in an orderly manner , and ensured that Chinese citizens were not queued for more than 30 minutes to enter and leave the country , while taking into account the efficiency of customs clearance for foreigners ; and strengthened order maintenance in areas with high flow of people to ensure that customs clearance was conducted in an orderly manner .
Shenzhen &apos;s General Border Inspection Station also reminds incoming and outgoing travelers that they should pay attention to the validity of documents and visas and sign notes before leaving the country , make reasonable arrangements for itineraries , avoid peak passenger flow periods as much as possible , and choose the right time and suitable port for travel .
Passengers travelling to Hong Kong on the Guangzhou @-@ Shenzhen high @-@ speed railway must have valid exit and exit documents and visa stamps . The high @-@ speed rail ticket is only a passenger ticket and cannot be used as an exit and entry document . If they cannot leave Hong Kong for reasons such as non @-@ compliance with documentation procedures , they should follow the guidelines of the civilian police on border inspection and wait for the employees of the Hong Kong Railways Company to take the transportation procedures to the Mainland .
Systemic lupus erythematosus is a chronic and intractable disease of cumbersome multi @-@ dirty machines , which were once thought to be incurable .
They cannot be eradicated because their mechanisms are unknown , they are difficult to diagnose and they lack effective treatment methods .
Recently , a joint team of researchers at Tsinghua University College of Life Sciences , Liu Wanli , and Chestnut @-@ occupied countries , director of the Feng and Wet Immunization Center at Beijing University People &apos;s Hospital , found that human immunoglobulins have molecular variants that increase systemic lupus lupus susceptibility and that such variants are involved in the regulation of immunogenic B cells .
In short , both groups confirmed that an abnormal immunologist in humans was an important cause of systemic lupus erythematosus .
ccording to one of the authors of the article , Sun Xiaolin of Peking University Hospital , the Chestnut Occupation Team collected and conducted research on nearly 2,000 large samples of systemic lupus erythematosus patients , and found that patients with immunoglobulin variants produced pathogenic cells and a wide variety of self @-@ antibodies , with a significant increase in the incidence and severity of inflammation such as nephritis , arthritis , plasma and vascular inflammation .
Liu Wanli &apos;s team discovered this immunomolecular variant @-@ activated immune signaling pathway and promoted the pathogenic mechanism of B @-@ cell secretion of a variety of autoantibodies through various methods of study such as immunocyte traces , animal experiments , sequencing , and the like .
The reporter learned that the two teams were strong and united , fully exploiting their respective strengths and achieving a close connection between basic research and clinical application .
The Liu Wanli team is committed to B lymphocyte immunization recognition and immunostimulation studies , while the Chestnut Occupation team has long been engaged in systemic lupus erythematosus clinical studies .
The study was one of the results of years of collaboration between the two teams and the first institutional recognition in academia that immunoglobulin genetic abnormalities will induce systemic lupus erythematosus , providing a solid foundation for further academic research and clinical targeting .
This is not short @-@ term protection , but rather compliance with the law .
The lawyer brought an axe to the court session ?
At first glance , the news was really stimulating , and the pot was blown up in the legal circle .
Quanzhou City Law in Fujian subsequently fined the lawyer involved 500 yuan and advised the Quanzhou City Bar Association in writing to investigate and deal with the matter .
According to a report by the Beijing News , the Quanzhou City Law Association recently issued an official notice stating that the actions of the two lawyers did not involve violations of the law and were not punished in accordance with the law .
According to multiple reports , the Quanzhou Municipal Law Association &apos;s handling was not short @-@ sighted or confrontational , but was endorsed by the Quanzhou Intermediate Council .
An incident that could have provoked tension within the legal community was eventually properly resolved .
The reversal of the matter stemmed from a more complete truth : the axes carried by the lawyers involved were the same as the murderers of the accused , but were not blunted , were merely corroborated by evidence at the evidentiary stage , were not intimidating or had the subjective intention of endangering the safety of the court .
There are four very important details for judging whether the conduct of the lawyer involved was unlawful : first , two previous sessions of the local court , in which only an axe photograph was presented and , from the point of view of the defence , the axe was necessary ; second , the axe was purchased only one hour before the hearing , not because the lawyer did not wish to seek the judge &apos;s consent , but because he did not objectively have access to the judge ; third , the axe was not used excessively or inappropriately ; and fourth , the lawyer in question publicly recognized the error at the first time and apologized to the court .
Taken together these circumstances , it can be seen that the lawyer involved in the matter took the hawkish to appear in court and did nothing to do anything but to defend himself .
After clarifying the whole fact , the Quanzhou City Law Association did not push the boat along , but instead took the decision not to punish under pressure .
This decision also meets the test of fact and law .
As for bringing axes used as control knives into the courtroom without the permission of the court , this is indeed a source of anxiety and misunderstanding .
For reasons of safety and prudence , previous fines and judicial advice from the Quanzhou Intermediate Court are also well founded .
In order to preserve the dignity of lawyers and prevent individual courts from harassing lawyers , the Supreme Law issued the &quot; Rules of the Judicial Police of the People &apos;s Court on Security Censorship &quot; in 2014 , establishing the principle that the presence of a lawyer in court does not require a physical security check .
Since the issuance of the rule , a wide range of lawyers have led by example , with few incidents in which the security of the court has been jeopardized by security gaps .
In very few cases , such as Quanzhou , misunderstanding can easily be overcome by communicating in a spirit of mutual respect and understanding .
As a self @-@ regulatory organization of the legal profession , the Bar Association has the dual mandate of disciplining wrongdoing and safeguarding legality .
In the past , individual law societies have been criticized for their focus on discipline and loss of security .
And the Quanzhou Law Association &apos;s decision , both in terms of process and outcome , is laudable , setting an example for more law societies to perform their duties properly .
From October 1 , which taxes and benefits will affect our money bags ?
Xinhua News Agency , Shanghai , October 1 ( Reporter Song Tong ) - The new personal income tax law will be implemented on January 1 , 2019 . In order for the general public to enjoy the tax relief dividend as soon as possible , from October 1 , the actual salary income earned by taxpayers will be deducted at the starting point of 5,000 yuan per month , and a new tax scale will be applied .
With the arrival of the New Deal , what good interests will affect the money bags of the masses ?
Good 1 : Remarkable tax reduction on wages and salaries
Taxpayers who receive wages after October 1 can deduct a basic deduction of 5,000 yuan per month and apply a new tax scale , with most taxpayers having different levels of tax cuts , particularly for low- and middle @-@ income people .
According to the tax relief table for the different income groups , the monthly income after deduction of the sum of $ 8,000 , $ 10,000 , $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 , respectively , after tax reform is $ 90 , $ 290 , $ 1590 and $ 9090 . Compared to the monthly threshold of $ 3,500 , the corresponding tax deductions are 73.9 per cent , 61.1 per cent , 49.0 per cent and 18.8 per cent , respectively .
It is worth noting that , for holiday reasons , new base deductions and tax schedules may be applied to the wages paid by the units in accordance with the law at the end of September , which were due in October .
To this end , the customized withholding client software used by tax administrations already provides the corresponding tax calculation function , but the corresponding tax remains to be reported during the statutory filing period .
Good two : a significant increase in the low @-@ tax range
In addition to raising the threshold , a new scale will be applied effective 1 October .
This time , the seven @-@ step tax rate on wages and salaries is the same as before , but there has been a marked change in the tax range , with a significant increase in the three @-@ tier low @-@ tax range of 3 per cent , 10 per cent and 20 per cent , a decrease in the 25 per cent tax range and the 30 per cent , 35 per cent and 45 per cent higher tax range remaining unchanged .
It is worth noting that the tax law also adjusted the tax rates for each tranche of production income , with the lower limit of the top 35 per cent rate being raised from 100,000 yuan to 500,000 yuan .
This means that individual business owners and individual sole @-@ source partnerships will all benefit from tax reform .
Looking at the earlier estimates of personal tax cuts for Shanghai taxpayers , the dividends of tax reform will be fully felt by the majority of taxpayers , especially among low- and middle @-@ income people .
Lanmin , head of the personal income tax department of the Shanghai Municipal Tax Administration of the State Administration of Taxation , said .
Good Three : Ease and Optimization of Tax Services
Since the publication of the new personal income tax law , the Shanghai tax authorities have carried out a wide range of wide @-@ ranging tax campaigns .
On the one hand , they carry out one @-@ on @-@ one , one @-@ on @-@ one , one @-@ on @-@ one policy coaching for key tax sources and key enterprises .
The Pudong New District Taxation Bureau visited Apple Trading ( Shanghai ) Ltd . , Fabao ( China ) Network Technology Ltd . , Red Star Meiceron Home Group Co . , Ltd . , and other large enterprises . These enterprises have a large number of employees , a large volume of tax deductions , a large amount of tax payments , and the tax department &apos;s initiative to mentor and answer questions . The Xuxi Huxi District Taxation Bureau visited the large labor enterprises in the region , Zhongqi Financial Consulting Ltd . , and the China @-@ Chile Shanghai Economic and Technical Cooperation Corporation , among others , to collect business concerns in a timely manner , respond to business demands and resolve business difficulties .
On the other hand , a comprehensive , multi @-@ dimensional , and integrated tax policy is being implemented for all citizens and taxpayers .
Use the official Shanghai tax website , WeChat public number , Weibo and other channels to push policy hot spots in a timely manner to ensure that policy advocacy is in place .
At the same time , since September 28 , the Shanghai Tax WeChat public address on the 12366 intelligent consultation platform , through the manual + intelligent consultation on tax services , has launched a tax reform advocacy service on targeted forms of intelligent integration .
Chinanews.com , November 5 - On the evening of Beijing time on the 4th , the England Football Network officially announced that former British team leader Runny would return to the England National Team and go out to fight for the British team &apos;s warm game on November 15 .
Last August , Runny announced his withdrawal from the British national team .
Rouney had previously represented England on the scene 119 times and hit 53 times . It was the first shot in the team &apos;s history , and the second place in history was the number of trips .
According to the news released by the British foot network , this match with the United States team is to raise money for Runi &apos;s Children &apos;s Charity Foundation , and Runi himself is very excited : I am happy to be able to go to war again on behalf of England in Wimbley , and thank Sosgait and British foot for inviting me to help my foundation .
To be here for England is the greatest honour of my career , the 120th time I will be here for England , and it will be a special memory for me .
The annual Yangqiang Crab Culture and Tourism Festival opened on the 30th . According to Wenghua Wenghua , Secretary of the Party Committee of the town of Laoyang Crab , the town of Laoyang Crab , the annual output of the city &apos;s Zhajib economy is now nearly 3.8 billion yuan , with a net gain of over 600 million yuan .
Yangqiao Lake &apos;s thuggish crab , also known as Jin Ju crab , has a royal reputation for the absence of mud crab bodies , commonly known as the clean water thuggish crab , the thuggish green shell , and the cream of meat .
It has become a well @-@ established practice for people to eat crabs during the golden fall of Duri .
The thuggish crab is the most famous image advocate of the city .
Depleting crab shells , sucking crab feet , picking crash meat , and dipping crash materials , the renters feel the beauty of being in the southern part of the river .
he crab farmer Jinwei said that this year more food guests will spend more time in the city of Pakistan , watching the pompous sunshine harvest , rewarding the sunshine , experiencing crab joy and enjoying a slow @-@ paced life in the water township .
Due to the widespread introduction of large @-@ scale seedlings in Palestinian cities and towns , the number of thunderstorm crabs leaving water this year is much larger than in the past .
Jianhua , a crab farmer who has been dealing with him for nearly 20 years , is planning to export the crash seedlings and breeding techniques of the Yangqiang Lake crab to Thailand , allowing the kitchen to cross national borders and promote cultural exchanges with overseas beautiful foods .
The small town of Kunchuo is a cultural sign for the city .
At present , the city has built five major crab markets and a street for beautiful food and crab in the Spring Festival and Autumn Festival Water City , the Crash City , and the Zhengzhen PLO crab market . There are as many as 1,300 restaurants and restaurants around the Yangqiu Lake crab catering business . The various colors of crab crabs in the Qiangbi area are not easy to grasp , and the cart water and horn at the peak of the passenger flow has become a unique landscape .
Wenghua Wenghua said that a crab crab attracted nearly 3 million overseas and overseas tourists every year , and also formed the old street of Ba &apos;aoli city , which is bipolar and colorful .
A number of tourism products such as the Bazeera station &apos;s Kunzhong thematic post office , the pickup and painting concept book , the Pink Baby thematic image hall , the Kunzhen thematic folk accommodation , the embroidery hall , the banqua hall , and many others have appeared one after another . Kunzhen scholar Yang Song @-@ song , Cartesian master Chen Dong @-@ bao , famous Kunzhen little student Yu Tao @-@ lin , bamboo carpet master Ni Xiaok , and folk songs bearer Ni Zhenliang Lian have all entered one after another . Old Street has become the cultural nucleus of Kunzhen town .
ccording to reports , during the crab culture and tourism festival , the fourth Kunzhuang small town , Chongyang , will also be inaugurated again , and comrades from around the world will gather to review the Yasushan Gathering .
A number of cultural venues will also be unveiled , including the Pakistan City Historical and Cultural Exhibition Centre , the Kuncheng Long Gallery , Aye Yayuan , the Zonta Book School and the Kuncheng Theatre , showing the cultural charisma of Kuncheng Yuan , the Chinese town of calligraphy , and the Jiangnan village of fish and rice .
A tripartite trade agreement between the US and Mexico would create new opportunities for 500 million people .
According to foreign media reports , a joint statement by Canadian Foreign Minister Frillan and US Trade Representative Letsizer , published on the Canadian government website , said that the United States , Canada and Mexico had entered into a trilateral trade agreement that would be known as the USMCA &apos; s ( US @-@ Mexico trilateral agreement ) .
Earlier , Canada &apos;s CTV News quoted high @-@ level sources in the United States as saying that Canada and the United States had resolved their differences and reached an agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
he Washington Post quoted two informed sources as reporting that the September 30 agreement between the United States and Canada would keep NAFTA as a tripartite trade agreement , and that the three heads of state would sign the new agreement within two months .
The statement said that today , Canada , the US , and Mexico agreed on a new trade agreement - the USMCA - that will provide our workers , farmers , and companies with a high standard of trade agreement that will lead to freer markets , fairer deals , and more sustainable economic growth . The agreement will strengthen the middle class , create high @-@ paying jobs , and create new opportunities for some 500 million people .
According to information received , the existing North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) was signed by the United States , Mexico and Canada in 1994 .
When Trump took office , he announced plans to reconsider the agreement and sign it .
The three countries began this negotiating process in 2017 .
n the early election of the Governor of Okinawa due to the illness and death of former Governor Weng Chongzhi , the results were announced in the early morning of the 1st local time , and Danny , a city opposed to the relocation plan of the US military base in Japan , was successfully elected .
he election was counted on September 30 , and the final result showed that Yu City obtained a total of 396,632 million votes , the highest number of votes in the history of the election of governors in Okinawa Prefecture , more than 80,000 votes more than its main rival , Jozhi Chi @-@ soon .
Four candidates participated in the election , with a turnout of 63.24 per cent , a decrease of 0.89 percentage points from the 2014 elections for governors in Okinawa Prefecture .
uyama said to the media on the 1st that the results of the election showed that the county residents did not want to let Governor Weng &apos;s pre @-@ life efforts be in vain . He would succeed Governor Weng and continue his efforts with the Japanese government and the U.S. government to oppose the relocation plan of the United States base and the closure of the universal base .
he US base in Yidu Bay , Okinawa Prefecture , has long been criticized . The Japanese government previously agreed to relocate it to the outskirts of the famous city , but the Okinawa people strongly opposed it , hoping that it could be completely relocated out of Okinawa .
However , regarding the relocation plan strongly opposed by the people of the counties and the request to revoke the permission for land reclamation along the outskirts , Yusun said that he had not initially stood in opposition to and split with the central government , and hoped that the two sides would fully exchange views and demonstrate their intention to reach a negotiated settlement .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe also expressed to the media on the morning of the 1st that this outcome would be seriously accepted and that efforts would be made to revitalize Okinawa and reduce the burden on Al Qaeda .
n a press conference on the 1st , Japanese Premier Kan Yi @-@ wei said that the government &apos;s policy of relocating the US base as soon as possible had not changed .
At the same time , he expressed his intention to meet with the city of Yu .
uyu City will officially assume the post of Governor of Okinawa County on the 4th of this month .
Since the mid @-@ 2000s , Paul Thomas , a farmer in North Dakota , United States , has grown an increasing number of soybeans on his land as Chinese demand for oilseeds has grown .
This shift peaked this year , when he planted 1,600 acres of soybeans on 5,000 acres of land , a scale not seen before .
But Thomas and many farmers like him plan to convert by 2019 the staple food crops of former US agricultural areas : maize and wheat .
This year , American farmers cultivated more soybeans than maize , for the first time in 35 years .
Other food crops are planned because , against the backdrop of US President Donald Trump &apos;s trade war with China , American farmers face difficulties selling soybeans .
China usually buys about 60 % of the US exports of soybeans , but , as a result of the trade war , almost no American soybeans have been purchased in recent months , causing soybean prices to fall to a decade &apos;s low level .
Thomas intends to grow more wheat next year , hoping to earn more by reducing dependence on crops that depend on Chinese demand .
Thomas said that soybean prices have brought us a painful blow .
He said that without Chinese purchase , the spot price of soybeans near his farm was $ 7.10 per Putin , while the price necessary to cover the cost was $ 8.50 .
US farmers have a record area under soya cultivation this year , and the harvest is expected to reach a record high .
At such a time of vulnerability , they have been hit by trade wars .
In response to Trump &apos;s imposition of tariffs on imports of Chinese goods , China imposed import tariffs on imports of US soybeans in July .
The US Department of Agriculture will issue its first forecast report on next year &apos;s cultivated area , which will include consideration of the impact of tariffs .
The projection is expected to confirm the expectation of a decrease in soybean seeding by civil society institutions .
According to a report that Reuters saw , on October 19 , Informa Economics projected an increase in maize cultivation of 4 % to 92.7 million acres ( 37.5 million hectares ) in 2019 and a reduction in soybean cultivation of 7 % to 83 million acres .
Informa also projects a 4 per cent increase in wheat cultivation in the United States .
The area of soybeans planted before retaliatory tariffs were imposed rose to 89.6 million acres this year , about 15 million acres higher than a decade ago .
The area under maize cultivation has increased by less than 5 million acres since 2008 to 89.1 million acres , and this year wheat cultivation stands at 47.8 million acres , the lowest level in 100 years .
Aron Carlson , President of the Illinois Corn Planting Association , has 3,600 acres of cultivated land , almost half of which this year is devoted to soybeans , but plans to cut it in the future .
He said that it was possible to increase maize cultivation by up to 20 per cent on his farm in northern Illinois , the largest soybean growing state in the United States .
Soybeans produce lower yields per acre than maize , but require less fertilizer , making soybeans generally less expensive to grow .
If farmers move to final maize , costs may increase , but some enterprises , including Andersons Inc . , will benefit .
Executive Director Andersons Pat Bowe said to Reuters that he expected the conversion of maize to fertilizer use .
Bayer is also expected to benefit from the conversion of farmers to maize .
The Director of Langman Airport Administration in Bangkok , Thailand , Sotirawa , held a launch on the 29th to apologize for the attack on the airport of a Chinese citizen , and said that Thailand welcomed Chinese tourists and that the relevant departments would strengthen management , raise awareness of services and avoid similar incidents .
According to the introduction , on the 27th , there was a physical conflict between the Langman Airport security and a Chinese man who was denied entry .
Sutirawa said that the airport authority had suspended the security officer for serious misconduct and that a committee of inquiry had been established to investigate the matter and dismiss the security guard if it was true .
The Thai Immigration Service has now arranged for the man to take the opportunity to return to China .
Sutirawa apologized for the incident , which damaged the image of Thailand , and said that the Thai side attached great importance to the matter , was willing to do its utmost to minimize the impact of the incident on the tourists who had been attacked , and would send a letter of apology to the persons concerned through the Chinese Embassy in Thailand .
e said Langman Airport is willing to facilitate Chinese tourists to Thailand and , together with the Thai Immigration Service , set up special entry passages for Chinese tourists at Thailand &apos;s five major international airports in Bangkok , including Suwan Namap , Langman , Chiang Mai , Phuket and Kai .
He said that the next step would be for the Airport Authority to rectify the landing area , indicate the cost of the landing and improve the quality of service and communication capacity of the staff .
When the Chinese Embassy in Thailand was informed of the incident , it contacted the person concerned for information on the course of the incident .
At the same time , he intervened with the heads of the Thai Immigration Bureau , the Airport Authority , and the Ministry of Tourism and Sports to demand that the Thai side thoroughly investigate the incident and severely punish the perpetrators . He will continue to maintain close communication with the Thai side to properly handle the matter and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the people involved .
Xinhua International Current Situation Review : Defending Multilateralism , China knows one thing .
In the face of the backlash of unilateralism , international rules and the multilateral order are under attack .
To some extent , the confrontation between unilateralism and multilateralism has entered a critical period .
As a responsible power , China joins the international community in upholding multilateralism and promoting it .
Faced with the new challenges of the new situation , China has made a loud voice on the direction and path of multilateralism .
As State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi said in his address to the general debate at the 73rd session of the United Nations General Assembly , multilateralism in the new era should adhere to the goal of a win @-@ win cooperation , based on the rule of law , based on fairness and justice , and guided by effective action .
At the same time , China called for the establishment of a global development cooperation framework , with the United Nations at its core and North @-@ South cooperation as the main channel , complemented by South @-@ South cooperation , and called on all parties to work together to build a community of human destinies .
China &apos;s reflections and voices reflect the mainstream voice of the international community .
As Espinosa , President of the General Assembly at its seventy @-@ third session , said , in the current situation , the United Nations needs more than ever to promote multilateralism and preserve a rules @-@ based international system .
The Managing Director of IMF , Lagarde , said that the international community should remain steadfast in upholding the multilateral trading system , upholding international trade rules and resolving differences through consultation .
In recent years , the adjustment of the global economic @-@ political balance of power has been accompanied by the rise of a number of emerging markets and groups of developing countries to play a greater role in the major international multilateral mechanisms , giving new impetus to counter @-@ winding multilateralism .
Looking at this dimension , the concept of multilateralism advocated by China to build a family instead of a small circle , and to adhere to the idea of building together rather than winner @-@ take @-@ all , in keeping with the trend of the times , is the inevitable choice to tackle global challenges and solve the world &apos;s troubles , representing the common aspirations of most countries in the world .
There are advanced ideas and more solid actions .
China &apos;s &quot; one belt , one road &quot; initiative has become the largest platform for international cooperation .
China &apos;s joint international and regional cooperation initiatives , such as the building of the &quot; one belt , one road , one road , one infrastructure investment bank , one 16 + 1 cooperation , &quot; promote international regional cooperation , improve complementarities with existing international systems and order , bring new vitality to multilateral cooperation and contribute to the promotion of a more just and equitable international order .
As a defender of the international order and a practitioner of multilateralism , China is acting increasingly forcefully in the multilateral arena of the United Nations .
Good offices on international hot spots , addressing climate change , participating in peacekeeping operations , contributing to poverty reduction and assisting other countries in implementing the 2030 sustainable development agenda .
As United Nations Secretary @-@ General Guterres said , China has become an important pillar of multilateralism .
As the mistrust deficit facing the world widens , and as populism and polarization rise , so does the world &apos;s need for multilateral cooperation .
At this historic juncture , the international community needs to work together to translate consensus into action , resolutely defend multilateralism and work together to build a community of human destinies .
Chinanews.com , Guangzhou , September 30 ( Reporter Soh Yan ) - On September 30 , Guangdong &apos;s first national standard 4K demonstration sub @-@ district unveiled in the Zhenzhen Garden sub @-@ district of Hajeou district in Guangzhou city . On that day , Guangdong Radio and Television &apos;s entire province &apos;s 4K business was officially launched and the opening ceremony of the central radio and television station &apos;s 4K super @-@ high @-@ resolution channel , Guangdong province , was held simultaneously .
The same day &apos;s event was co @-@ sponsored by Guangdong Cable Radio and Television Network Ltd. and the Leading Group for Co @-@ construction and Shared Social Governance in the Pearl District Dream Area .
ccording to the deployment of the Guangdong provincial government , the Guangdong Radio and Television Network is actively implementing the New Digital Family 4K Action Plan . In December 2017 , it released the country &apos;s first new digital family gateway end product to support IPv6 , the first nationwide radio and television service to support the simultaneous release of 4 @-@ way real 4K - the Bao U @-@ point family server ( a 4K box with the AVS2 standard and a messaging voice remote control ) . It accelerated the construction of a new digital family demonstration area marked by 4K ultra @-@ high @-@ resolution video , the next generation Internet , and cable wireless integration network applications , and actively participated in the construction of the 4K television network application demonstration area in Guangdong province .
In 2018 , the Guangdong Radio and Television Network launched a series of radio and television initiatives for the benefit of the people , and launched Radio and Television 4 K service months to promote all aspects of the &quot; U @-@ point home server &quot; throughout the province .
On the same day of the event , the entire province &apos;s 4K business of Guangdong Radio and Television Network was officially launched , and the first 4K smart television project , Ping &apos;an Home Shared Platform , based on 4K applications , was officially shown and uploaded . The platform was developed jointly by Guangdong Cable Line and the office of the Community Governance Leading Group for the Hebeads Region , and the platform project relies on the Guangdong Radio and Television Network &apos;s 4K superclearance of U @-@ point family servers to realize a new generation of smart family services , integrating relevant government functions related to the benefit of the people , and aims to provide citizens with a television sharing platform that integrates information , education , benefit the people , benefit the people , and entertainment services .
Chen Xiaoli , Chief Engineer of the Guangdong News and Publishing Bureau , said in his activity that this event was an initiative of the Guangdong Internet enterprise to service the government center of the Party committee . The government was actively using the Internet + to create a digital government to serve the people . I hope that through cooperation and dissemination , Guangdong Radio and Television network can help promote the construction of models of common social governance in the Hebei district , Guangzhou , and even the entire province .
The ceremony showcased and popularized a new digital home application with 4K smart television as its centrepiece .
The first issue of the Wisdom Television &apos;s Ping &apos;an Home sharing platform will have four modules on @-@ line to explore the construction of the Wisdom neighbourhood , the Wuzhou People &apos;s House , the Wisdom Community and the Wisdom Family .
ccording to reports , the Guangdong Radio and Television Network has now opened five 4K live broadcast channels , and on the same day , National Day will also open the entire province &apos;s central radio and television station , the 4K ultra @-@ high @-@ resolution channel .
The report reads as follows : 30 September is the fifth anniversary of the martyrs in the country .
At 10 a.m. that same day , Xi Jinping and other party and national leaders attended a wreath @-@ laying ceremony for the people &apos;s heroes in memory of the heroic martyrs .
CCTV issued a quick comment on this : this is the first Martyrs &apos; Day since the implementation of our country &apos;s Hero Martyrs &apos; Protection Law .
Five years ago , on the eve of National Day , the Day of Martyrs was set up to highlight the great journey of the Chinese nation from misery to glory , and we must always wake up : where we come from , where we go .
General Secretary Xi Jinping has pointed out in depth that abandoning tradition and losing it is tantamount to cutting off one &apos;s spiritual lifeline .
It is only by not forgetting history that the future can be opened up .
We admire the heroes and honour the martyrs in order to remember history forever , persevere in the spirit of heroism and rally the powerful positive energy of national recovery .
The review pointed out that heroism is the backbone of the nation .
Honouring the martyrs and commemorating them is to make heroism a noble , sacred and powerful eternal memory of our hearts .
According to incomplete statistics , some 20 million martyrs have made heroic sacrifices for national independence , people &apos;s liberation and the strength of the country , and the well @-@ being of the people .
Everyone who sacrificed his or her life for his or her country will be remembered , and the spirit of every kind of loyal nation will be looked upon .
It is in the name of the State that national days of remembrance and all forms of commemoration are organized to pay tribute to them , to pay tribute to their great achievements and to learn to carry over the precious spirit of love for their motherland , loyalty to their people , selfless dedication and courage to sacrifice .
The Party committee committees and governments at all levels have perfected the pension benefits system and continuously raised the level of pension benefits . The Party and the country have practiced their respect for heroes through practical actions .
Every year , countless people admire the martyrs &apos; orchards , allowing us to appreciate the deep sentiment of the masses in their memories and to feel the momentum for revival that has grown up in the blood of the nation .
The glorification of heroes , the defence of heroes , the study of heroes and the care of heroes prevail throughout society .
The review concluded that today , when socialism with Chinese characteristics enters a new era , we can comfort the long @-@ dormant heroes that a strong China is rising in the East and that the Chinese dream of a great renaissance of the Chinese nation is becoming a reality in our hands .
Let us marshal our strength in the spirit of heroism and move forward towards great goals !
The Ministry of Finance piloted a VAT exemption for cross @-@ border electricians
The notification indicated that a policy of tax exemption on value added tax and excise duty was being piloted for exports of goods to e @-@ commerce exporting enterprises in the Comprehensive Test Zone that had not obtained valid certificates of entry and that met the relevant conditions .
( i ) E @-@ commerce exporting enterprises are registered in the Comprehensive Test Zone and on the Integrated Service Platform ( ISP ) at the place of registration for cross @-@ border e @-@ commerce , the date of export , the name of the goods , the unit of measure , the quantity , the unit price and the amount .
( ii ) Export of goods through customs at the site of the Comprehensive Test Zone for the processing of electronic commerce export declarations .
( iii ) Exports of goods that do not fall within the purview of the Ministry of Finance and the Directorate General of Taxes , in accordance with the decision of the State Council , expressly eliminate export rebates ( exemptions ) .
The notification is known to have been in force since 1 October 2018 , whichever is the export date indicated in the Export Commodity Declaration List .
Fifth Voice Month of Disabled Persons Comes to Focus on Sex Education for Disabled Adolescents @ - @ CNN
The topic of sex education for young people in China has been widely discussed in recent years , but the challenges to sex education for young people with disabilities remain daunting .
Recently , a seminar on the challenges and practical strategies of comprehensive sexuality education for persons with disabilities was held in Beijing .
How to educate disabled children and young people about sexuality is an important topic of this seminar .
The Report on Sex @-@ Related Knowledge , Attitudes and Behaviour of Disabled Children and Youth in China , released at the Conference , showed that the proportion of disabled children suffering sexual harassment and abuse was higher than that of healthy children .
More attention is also being paid to sexual protection of handicapped children and adolescents in society .
The purpose of the seminar was to explore ways to promote comprehensive sexuality education for handicapped children and adolescents in China in terms of family support , school education and institutional services , and to support handicapped children and adolescents at the source so that they could enjoy their right to love like others .
Experts believe that public awareness of the handicapped in Chinese society has remained low .
China &apos;s comprehensive sexuality education for persons with disabilities , especially disabled children and adolescents , was not deep enough , owing to such factors as traditional attitudes .
However , in recent years , with the support of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) and public figures , there have been encouraging developments in sexual and reproductive health education practices and pathways for the full development of persons with disabilities throughout their life cycle .
The Report shows that children and young people with visual , hearing , intellectual and physical disabilities are generally more likely to experience difficulties in acquiring sexual knowledge and understanding intimate relationships than the general population , but are generally more accessible and productive .
A seminar on the challenges and practical strategies of comprehensive sexuality education for persons with disabilities was organized by the Shanghai Public Interest Foundation , with the support of the UNESCO representative office in China , the International Alliance for Persons with Disabilities ( France ) representative office in Beijing and the UNFPA representative office in China , with a view to developing a comprehensive life @-@ cycle approach to sexual and reproductive health education for persons with disabilities in the context of a broader strategy for healthy China ; promoting awareness of international policies on comprehensive sexuality education and the right to health of children and youth with disabilities among policymakers , educators , researchers , social service organizations , parents &apos; representatives and other stakeholders in the field of special education and inclusion ; and conducting a broad exchange of practices , strategies , challenges and resources on sexuality education for children and youth with disabilities in China , with a view to discussing and developing a blueprint for comprehensive sexuality education for children and youth with disabilities in the future and forming a support network .
BEIJING , September 30 - The Central Bank of China released scheduled short @-@ term net outflows of foreign currency assets on Sunday . As of the end of August this year , the central bank &apos;s foreign currency position on forward contracts and futures contracts was zero for 12 consecutive months , and there was still no position in the month .
According to previous central bank data , by the end of August last year , the central bank held a total of $ 6.044 billion in foreign currency positions on forward contracts and futures contracts , the fourth consecutive month , and a total of $ 4.276 billion in empty positions on SDR ( Special Drawing Rights ) .
Since then , the central bank &apos;s foreign @-@ exchange forward position has been zero .
The central bank released the data for the first time at the end of March 2016 ; the data showed that , at the end of February 2016 , the central bank &apos;s foreign currency had an excess position of $ 2,438 million on local currency forward contracts and futures contracts , and an empty position of $ 28.9 billion .
For the first time , September data released at the end of October of the same year showed a net increase of $ 16,401 million to $ 45.301 billion .
The central bank has previously indicated that the forward and forward positions of the foreign currency vis @-@ à @-@ vis the local currency mainly reflect the foreign exchange forward operations undertaken by the central bank with commercial banks to meet the hedging needs of firms &apos; foreign currency liabilities , which will continue to provide forward risk @-@ averse products on a demand @-@ side basis , with the central bank &apos;s forward operations having less impact on the size of future reserves .
On the evening of September 20 this year , Classmate Cho , who studied the third year of college in Zhengzhou , went by car to the top wall on K158 trains .
An uncle on the train bought a seat without a seat ticket , but occupied her seat : take a shot and take a shot .
On a two @-@ hour journey , the train commander advised him that the hour was still invalid .
In the end , a male passenger in the same car could not see it and dragged his elder brother up .
From the viewpoint of public opinion , although in the end most of the result was that the hegemon was condemned by the public , administratively punished by the public security authorities , and even included in the honesty blacklist , the public still felt that it did not want to fight hatred : why not let the hegemon be punished on the spot ?
Why not stop their immoral or even illegal acts on the spot , but only punish them afterwards ?
However , as for the unjustifiable act of taking advantage of the tyranny , how can it be that a male passenger only dragged it out of his way by grabbing it ?
The main reason for this is that only long @-@ distance trains are equipped with police and short @-@ distance trains are generally not available ; even when they do , the police are more concerned about the possible rogue reaction of the hegemon and do not take forced removal measures .
Repeated incidents of hegemony raise awareness of the need for the hegemon to be forcibly removed or even punished on the spot in order to act as a deterrent .
This requires our trains to dare to take strong measures in a timely manner , and those without them should be equipped with police as soon as possible in order to prevent and suppress violations in a timely manner .
On October 1 , on the first day of the National Day long holiday , there was a sharp increase in the number of vehicles passing through the Qiang Autonomous Prefecture in Beichuan to Songpan , Mao Prefecture .
At about 1300 hours , the Beichuan Traffic Police received a call for help , saying that his family had a traffic accident in Songpan . Due to the limited medical conditions there , there is an urgent need to send him to Mianyang for treatment .
At a time when one @-@ way traffic control is being implemented on the Yan Sai Lake Road in Tang Jiayuan , Northuan Province , I would like to ask the traffic police to release the 120 ambulance vehicles .
After receiving the call for help , the on @-@ duty police quickly reported the situation to the brigade . After the brigade leader Huang Xuemin briefly learned the situation , they immediately arranged for the control point police to contact the client and demand that they make every effort to escort them .
We immediately arranged for the deployment of more than 1,000 vehicles entering the control section at that time , after contacting the 120 ambulance vehicles , which were expected to arrive in Sichuan at about 1500 hours .
uo Wei , head of the Yu Li squadron of the Beichuan Traffic Police , introduced that the emergency car needed to travel around the lake from Tang Jiashan , and the road was difficult and narrow . In order to prevent the two rows of vehicles that had already entered that road from running in parallel , the traffic police imposed partial control of the vehicle one hour in advance at three points from the beginning , middle and end of the road , and reminded all passing drivers to give up one side of the road and miss the car for the emergency car .
Afterwards , the police of the beating drum also temporarily stopped the vehicles from entering the control section and queued in line for the upcoming 120 ambulance vehicles .
At about 1500 hours , an ambulance with Sichuan U license plate entered the territory of Sichuan . The Sichuan Traffic Police dispatched a police car to drive and escort the ambulance vehicle back to the control section .
It is understood that only one vehicle can pass through some areas on the lake road , and the police have temporarily controlled these areas in advance , ensuring the smooth passage of the 120 ambulance vehicles .
When he arrived at the 10 @-@ meter @-@ old milestone village in the village of Xuangpyeong , there was a road that could not be made wrong , so the traffic police contacted the village &apos;s two committees in advance , borrowed the village &apos;s passageway and banned social vehicles from entering .
It took only 40 minutes for the traffic police in Beichuan to receive a 120 @-@ ambulance car and drive into the normal road on 302 provincial roads .
Yong Wei said that under normal circumstances , the entire passage time would take four hours .
This time , valuable treatment time was successfully secured for the patients .
t is reported that at 17 : 20 , seriously ill people were sent to Mianyang for treatment in a timely manner .
The number of confirmed deaths as a result of the earthquake and tsunami in Indonesia rose rapidly to 832 , a figure that the authorities feared would rise because of the difficulty of aid workers in reaching remote and disconnected areas .
Of particular concern is Dungra , an area north of Baru with a population of 300,000 , close to the epicentre of the earthquake .
Two other areas have lost contact with the outside world since Friday .
We have not received reports from the other three regions .
Communications and electricity continued to be disrupted .
Nugroho stated that the missing persons included five foreigners , three of whom were French , one Korean and one Malaysian .
Earthquakes and tsunamis killed 832 people .
Indonesian Vice President Kara said that the number of deaths could rise to thousands .
Earlier , Indonesian President Joko @ - @ Widodo had already surveyed the disaster area and appealed to the public for tolerance .
Reuters , November 4 - The British Daily Telegraph reported on Sunday that British Leave Secretary Dominic Raab has privately demanded that the United Kingdom secure the right to an arrangement three months from Ireland &apos;s borders .
ccording to the report , Rabbo made this request to the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade of Ireland , Simon Coveney , at a private meeting in London last Tuesday .
The report points to a clear contradiction between this request and the statements made by British Cabinet Secretary David Lidington on his visit to Dublin three days later .
The Brexit Department said that it would not comment on private meetings .
Yesterday morning , at 8.05 a.m. , two suspected thieves were captured when they were thieved from Yongding Gate Station on Road 20 to Pearl Gate Station .
The two thieved men cut the passengers &apos; undergarment bags and stole 800 yuan of cash from them , allowing the police officers who had already squatted next to them to grab them .
This was the first case of petty theft discovered by the Beijing police during the National Day .
At more than 5 a.m. yesterday morning , the Beijing Public Security Mobile Investigation Brigade counter @-@ stripped investigators arrived at their intended location .
Based on past experience , where traffic flows are concentrated , public transport hubs and subways , including among people watching flag @-@ raising in Tiananmen Square , are all priority areas for their work .
In the flow of people , civilian police in plain clothes observed the passing crowd calmly .
At around 7 a.m. , the detectors at the bus station who were squatting discovered two suspected men &apos;s tail with a male passenger on the 20 @-@ way bus from the Yongding gate .
On the vehicle , two suspected men , one left and the other right , sandwiched male passengers , one of whom tried to cover the other .
However , they did not know that their own move had long been in the eyes of the civilian police in plain clothes observed by them .
While waiting for the men to steal , the police officers in plain clothes , who grabbed the thieves and grabbed them , looked at the men who were preparing to steal the thieves and were caught by the investigators .
The reporter of the Beijing Morning News saw that the police had seized 800 yuan in cash from suspected thieves .
The money was taken away from the passengers &apos; clothes .
The police pointed out a broken jacket and said : they cut it off , stealing 800 yuan from a traveler coming to Beijing . When we caught them , the money was just put into their own pockets .
The reporter learned that in order to capture the two men , the civilian police in plain clothes followed them for an hour and finally caught them all the time they committed the crime .
The two suspects are currently under police scrutiny .
The civilian police in plain clothes told the reporter that the question of who was suspicious in the crowd was very simple for the police .
If they grab too many thieves , they will find that their eyes , myths , and ordinary passengers are different . Apart from looking at their pockets and backpacks , they also like to drill from the crowd instead of hiding .
The police also told the reporter that the suspects often had no purpose in waiting for a car , and liked to roam at the station and find the object of stealing their hands before they could follow the car .
These are all empirical discussions . After a long time in plain clothes , I naturally know .
In addition , the civilian police pointed out that it was most convenient and easy to bury the contents of the straw .
You have to pay attention to your own belongings during the ride to prevent theft .
Chinanews.com , Tonglio , September 30 ( Zhang Lin Tiger ) - On the 30th , the official WeChat of the Propaganda Department of the Tongliang Municipal Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region released news that Han White Jilah , a member of the Standing Committee and the Propaganda Minister of Tongliang City &apos;s left Central Flag , was driving three people to death .
On the afternoon of September 29 , a 52 @-@ year @-@ old member of the Standing Committee of the Coco @-@ left Central Flag Commission and propaganda minister , Han White @-@ Eelah , was killed in a traffic accident on a mini @-@ common passenger vehicle and a three @-@ wheeled sanitation motorized car 1 kilometre south of Saikou Road in the development area of TongLiao city , killing two people on the spot and seriously injuring one .
It is known that the suspected perpetrator of the accident , Han White Eullah , has been detained by the public security authorities for causing death and injury as a result of dangerous driving under the influence of alcohol . The TongLiao Municipal Discipline Inspection Commission has intervened in the investigation .
The incident is currently under further investigation .
On October 1 , the reporter learned from the Traffic Management Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security of China that on the first day of the national holiday , traffic on roads and highways around major cities had greatly increased . As of 17 : 00 on that day , except for a small number of node sections , traffic on highways and national provinces was generally smooth and orderly , with no road traffic accident involving more than five people killed and no accident involving more than three people killed in 29 provinces and cities reported .
In the morning of the same day , there was a general peak of travel in all parts of the country , with road and highway traffic around major cities soaring . Local sections of roads , as well as toll stations , service areas , bridges , tunnels , interchange nodes , etc . , experienced slow @-@ moving queues to different degrees due to excessive traffic , road bottlenecks , scratch accidents , etc . , especially in the Beijing Jinzin hopes , the Yangtze River Delta , the Pearl River Delta , and Chengzhang areas ; traffic fell somewhat in the afternoon and road traffic gradually recovered .
It is known that on the first day of the holiday , the national traffic police launched the wartime service of vacation traffic security , investing a total of more than 190,000 person @-@ times in police officers and 70,000 in police vehicles , tightly patrolling and controlling traffic , tightly controlling traffic , guiding traffic in a timely manner , speedily handling accidents , widely publicizing warnings , taking steps together , and making every effort to guarantee safe roads for the first day of vacation .
It is expected that on the 2nd , some traffic flows to and from the city highway and national highways will remain high , while traffic in tourist attractions will increase markedly and traffic congestion and security risks will increase .
British Prime Minister Theresa May called on her party on Sunday to unite behind her exit plan , calling directly on critics to support it , arguing that the free @-@ trade agreement they wanted was at the heart of her exit plan .
On September 30 , 2018 , Birmingham , United Kingdom , British Prime Minister Theresa May went to a Conservative Party meeting .
At the beginning of this popular annual meeting of the Conservatives , Teresa May &apos;s plan was once again criticized by two former cabinet ministers , including former Foreign Secretary Johnson , who called Teresa May &apos;s plan a mess .
But she also received strong support from other pro @-@ Brexit ministers , who lauded Theresa May for being one of the most polite , and Foreign Minister Fox and Foreign Secretary Hunte for pointing their anger at the EU .
Theresa May &apos;s already @-@ fragile leadership came under further strain this month , as the EU rejected parts of the so @-@ called Inocencix plan .
But Theresa May viewed these consultations positively , saying that she was prepared to consider the EU &apos;s doubts .
My message to my own party is that let us work together to find the best possible deal for Britain , said Irelanda May .
Former British Foreign Secretary Johnson called Teresa May &apos;s plan a mess and criticized her for not having confidence in Brexit .
He and former Brexit Minister Davis are pushing for a Canadian @-@ style FTA with the EU .
Theresa May , for his part , said that the proposal would allow Northern Ireland to implement different tariff requirements , similar to Northern Ireland &apos;s secession from the United Kingdom .
In six years &apos; time , Tencent will welcome the major organizational restructuring and make it clear that there will be no redundancies @ - @ China News Network
On the 30th , Tencent announced the official launch of a new round of overall strategic upgrades . After six years , the organizational structure will undergo a new round of optimization and consolidation into six on the basis of the original seven major business groups ( BG ) , and said that the adjustment will not involve redundancy .
Tencent &apos;s new six major cause groups .
After six years , two new clusters of causes were reorganized .
It is understood that the new business group both maintains the strengths and characteristics of the deep @-@ tillage vertical domain and retains the original enterprise development group ( CDG ) , interactive entertainment group ( IEG ) , technical engineering group ( TEG ) , and WeChat group ( WXG ) ; it also highlights the integration effect and newly established clouds and intelligent industry group ( CSIG ) , platform and content group ( PCG ) .
The reporter noticed that Tencent &apos;s original Mobile Internet Business Group ( MIG ) , former Internet Media Business Group ( OMG ) , and others had disappeared , especially OMG , and the outside world was very well known .
Tencent said that the newly established platform and content group ( PCG , that is , Platform soramp ; Content Group ) will organically separate and reorganize the former social network business group ( SNG ) , the former mobile Internet business group ( MIG ) , the former online media business group ( OMG ) , and other highly related and integrated segments of the social platform , traffic platform , digital content , core technology , etc .
And the newly created Cloud and Smart Industries Group will integrate the industry solutions of Tencent Cloud , Internet + , Smart Retail , Education , Health , Security , and LBS to promote the digital upgrading of the industry .
he chairman of Tencent &apos;s board of directors and chief executive officer Maniteng said that the second half of the Internet belongs to the industry Internet . The first half of Tencent provides high quality services to users through connections . On this basis , we will help the industry develop a new and more open connecting ecology with consumers .
Response to the rumor of retrenchment : no retrenchment .
After Tencent released the news of the organizational restructuring , some news said that the adjustment would involve layoffs .
he relevant aspect of Tencent said to the CNN reporter that it can be made clear that this organizational restructuring will not involve layoffs . We will translate the various business modules as a whole and combine them first before optimizing them .
Macron urged France to protect French art @ - @ CNN for the use of long baton bread .
Chinanews.com , October 1 - According to a report by Reuters , European countries have successively applied for unique diets in their own countries . Following Belgium &apos;s beer and Naples &apos; cake in Italy , France has also recently planned to apply for long baton bread for inclusion in the UNESCO ( UNESCO ) Intangible Cultural Heritage List .
According to reports , the plan was promoted by French President Emmanuel Macron , with the support of the French bread and pastry industry coalition .
They pointed out that many of the long baton bread now being sold was made up of large @-@ scale frozen doughs , with the addition of materials other than flour , water , yeast and salt , and that traditional hand @-@ made bakeries were gradually disappearing in the hope that their inclusion in the list would protect world @-@ renowned French crafts .
UNESCO will hold its annual meeting in Mauritius in late November to review the inventory of intangible cultural heritage .
Five people died as a result of the sinking of an illegal migration vessel in the waters of the Aegean Sea in Turkey .
inhua News Agency , Istanbul , September 30 - According to a Turkish media report on the 30th , an inflating ship carrying illegal immigrants overturned the waters of the Aegean Sea in Turkey the same day , killing at least five people .
The inflation vessel , which was scheduled to travel to an island in Greece , reportedly sank the same day near the Enez area in the north @-@ western province of Ediné , Turkey , for unknown reasons .
At present , the number of illegal migrants on board sunken inflated ships is not known .
The search and rescue operations are continuing , with an estimated number of people still trapped at sea .
The Aegean Sea had been the preferred route for illegal migration to the European continent through Turkey .
Following Turkey &apos;s control under the March 2016 agreement with the European Union , the number of people smuggled through this route has declined considerably .
But since this year , the number of smugglers on this route has rebounded .
According to the Nobel laureate network , at 11 : 30 p.m. local time in Stockholm , Sweden , on the 1st , the American immunologist James Ellison and the Japanese immunologist Ben Ndong won the 2018 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for finding cancer therapies that inhibit negative immunomodulation .
According to Japanese media reports , the 26th Nobel Prize @-@ winning Japanese of this campus , and the 5th Prize @-@ winning Japanese of Physiology or Medicine , this year &apos;s 76 @-@ year @-@ old campus made a remarkable contribution to the manufacture of new drugs for the treatment of cancer , and he learned about his award in his own laboratory .
According to information received , he was born on 27 January 1942 . He is a Japanese doctor , a medical scientist , a foreign academy member of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America , a member of the Bachelor &apos;s College of Japan , and currently a visiting professor at Kyoto University .
This amusement found the T @-@ cell suppressor receptor PD @ - @ 1 in 1992 , and pioneered cancer immunotherapy in 2013 , ranking first among the top ten scientific breakthroughs in Science every year .
On September 21 , 2016 , this year &apos;s Citation Guillai Prize was chosen as one of the closest Japanese to the Nobel Prize .
Chinese tourists were beaten at Thai airport : the attackers were dismissed from the post of Managing Director of the airport .
Chinanews.com , September 30 - According to a report by Thailand &apos;s headline news network , recently the video clip of Chinese citizens at Langman Airport in Bangkok attracted widespread attention .
At 2 p.m. local time on the 29th , Thuringwa , the managing director of Langman Airport , Thailand Airport Company , made a statement and deeply apologized for the airport security attack on tourists .
On the other hand , according to information , Thailand &apos;s Deputy Prime Minister Ba Ying @-@ jeou attaches great importance to the matter and has ordered the dismissal of the airport staff responsible for the accident , as well as the dismissal of the President of Nongman Airport .
The head of the Airport Administration said that , at that time , the Chinese tourist was dissatisfied with the denial of entry , unwilling to obey the administration and to stay in the restricted area of repatriation , and therefore had a ripple with the security personnel in pushing and mutilating them .
The Security Officer has now been suspended from duty by the Airport Authority .
The incident has already had an impact on Thailand &apos;s tourist image . Langman Airport has deeply apologized for the incident and , in an effort to compensate for the damage , the next airport , through the Chinese Embassy , will convey a deep apology to the Chinese tourist client who was attacked .
Finally , the president of the airport , Su Lingwa , said that he still welcomed a large number of Chinese tourists to Thailand , and that he has now provided more help and facilities for Chinese tourists entering Thailand , including opening special courtesy channels for Chinese passports at the time of entry . Of these , 18 are open at Suwanaap Airport , 21 are open at Langman Airport , 18 are open at Puji Airport , 8 are open at Chiang Mai Airport , and 10 are open for Chinese tourists at Jia Airport .
The Thai headline news network was informed by the new Director @-@ General of the Thai National Immigration Service and former Deputy Director @-@ General of the Thai Tourism Police , Major @-@ General Surakiart , that Thailand &apos;s Deputy Prime Minister Ba Ying attached great importance to the matter and had ordered the dismissal of the airport staff responsible for the accident , as well as the dismissal of the President of Nongman Airport .
In recent years , this Newspaper ( trainee journalist Li Qiyao ) has experienced numerous incidents of substandard plastic runways on campus .
To this end , the Ministry of Education issued a circular requiring the implementation of the new national standard for the facial stadium of composite materials for primary and secondary schools to be delivered for use after 1 November this year .
The mandatory national standard , the Facebook for Composite Materials in Primary and Secondary Schools , was drafted by the Ministry of Education with the participation of 26 scientific institutions and inspection agencies and was revised more than two years ago , during which more than 100 expert meetings were organized to validate it , as well as field trips and sample inspections throughout the country , collecting numerous validation experiments of hundreds of enterprises &apos; products on the market .
ccording to the old national standard in 2005 , the reporter found that the new national standard not only changed from the recommended national standard to the mandatory national standard , but also added a number of elements , including thickness requirements , physical properties , resistance to aging , inorganic filler content requirements , anti @-@ slippery colloidal polymer content requirements , cap on finished surface harmful substances , limit on non @-@ solid and solid raw materials , etc .
In particular , the new national standard defines the possible harmful substances arising from the construction of the campus &apos;s plastic runway , increasing from 7 to 18 , and sets limits on the amount of volatile organic matter in the completed runway in accordance with home @-@ loading standards .
If the limits and odor requirements for the release of hazardous substances are specified in the ram and preform finished products , the total volatile organic compound should not be greater than 5 mg / m3 , formaldehyde should not be greater than 0.4 mg / m3 , carbon disulfide should not be greater than 7 mg / m3 , benzene should not be greater than 0.1 mg / m3 , and the odor grade should not be higher than 3 .
The new national standard also contains detailed regulations on sampling requirements for plastic runways on primary and secondary school campuses , inspection rules , rules of adjudication , etc .
In addition , the campus artificial lawn was for the first time included in the mandatory national standard testing .
Recently , special work will be carried out on the implementation of the new national standard , and the implementation of the new national standard will be reported to the Sports Health and Arts Education Department of the Ministry of Education in the course of the year .
Chinanews.com Client Chengdu , September 30 ( Wang Yu ) On the afternoon of the 30th , the 2018 Women &apos;s World Cup finalists performed a civil war .
In the end , Zhu Yanling , a full @-@ time teammate who fought the 4 : 0 Lick main field from Ding Ning , won the World Cup Championship again every four years , and this is also the 21st time that China &apos;s Women &apos;s World Cup removed the championship .
Ding Ning and Zhu Yanling are teammates and friends . Both sides are quite familiar with each other &apos;s technical tactics .
Both sides followed suit , both in preparation for the war and in the run @-@ up to the race .
In the final , the two men went on to say that they had completed the task of the competition .
But the rivalry between Ding Ning and Zhu Yuling in the competition can be described as a sword .
In the first situation , Ding Ning , with his best experience in the competition , started by 3 : 1 , and then Zhu Yanling took advantage of Ding Ning &apos;s mistake to make the score equal to 3 .
Afterwards , Zhu Yanling &apos;s mistakes in the attack began to increase , and Ding Ning seized the opportunity to lead by 3 : 9 : 5 , and took the lead at 10 : 6 .
Although Zhu Yanling followed each other for 3 points , Ding Ning still used the ball to take the first spot at 11 : 9 .
Second , Zhu Yanling &apos;s mistake remained high , and Ding Ning was 6 : 1 ahead of each other &apos;s advantage .
With 2 : 7 lagging behind , Zhu Yanling got 2 points depending on the rhythm change , and then used the offensive to track the score to 8 : 9 for a time .
At a critical moment , Ding Ning won two points , 11 : 8 .
In the third situation , the two men started to bite relatively tightly to 3 : 3 .
Din Ning then lost three points in the attack in error , but she then used the rhino attack to connect three points to the six @-@ point mark .
Zhu Yanling got two points to establish the advantage again and got the first point at 10 : 8 .
However , the attack by Ding Ning was extremely brutal . After four minutes , he took the third spot with 12 : 10 .
In the fourth situation , Zhu Yanling started with a 4 : 2 lead .
However , Ding Ning showed a super strong state of attack after which he stopped Zhu Yanling at 4 o &apos;clock .
After returning from the suspension , Zhu Yanling recovered some status and gradually recovered the score to 8 : 8 .
At a critical moment , Ding Ning had no soft hand , and got two points in the race .
As Zhu Yanling returned to the world , Ding Ning @-@ ting swept his opponent to win the championship 4 : 0 .
Last month , Din Ning won the crown in the Bulgarian public competition , ending her 14 @-@ month @-@ long championship , and this time she arrived in Chengdu , even though she said before the competition that she had not set a goal in the race , and in the semi @-@ final in the morning , Din Ning said that she had done her job .
In the end , Ding Ning defeated her teammate Zhu Yanling and won the third personal World Cup championship . She expressed satisfaction with her performance : one championship is important for every athlete .
Before the match , he didn &apos;t think of this , he just said that he was very satisfied with playing the final game .
Zhu Yanling , Qiuan &apos;s sister , who fought at the main venue , harvested a silver medal and did not complete the goal of defending the coronal . When she talked about whether the enthusiastic audience at the main venue would put invisible pressure on herself , she said : &quot; I think that the entire game I was still dealing with in terms of pressure . Ding Ning performed very well today . As a result , she never found a rhythm .
Activating rural consumption depends on normalized mechanisms to clean up markets , guide demand for healthy consumption , and improve farmers &apos; sense of access to consumption .
The data show that the consumption potential of the rural population has been steadily unleashed , with retail sales of rural consumer goods growing by 10.5 per cent in the first half of this year , 1.3 percentage points faster than in towns .
In a poor village in a western county , there is only one convenience store in the entire village . It walks into the store . Some commodities seem to know each other . They are labeled &quot; golden dragon oil drops , &quot; and &quot; wangchui drops &quot; become &quot; wangchui drops , &quot; and there are a lot of commodities .
Over the years , similar phenomena have frequently come to light , and some fake and inferior goods in rural areas have become famous , with similar names , similar packaging , and fake truths , making them indefensible .
A consumption survey report released by a western municipality showed that the problem of excessive counterfeit goods in rural areas was serious , with 66 per cent of users buying counterfeit goods in suburban supermarkets , more than half of which were food products .
The relevant departments regulate the rural market and call for attacks every year . Why are Li Dynasty still repeatedly fighting ?
Unlike in urban markets , the relatively low awareness of the rights of peasants , coupled with the remoteness of many rural areas and the fact that they are in blind areas with insufficient regulatory power , give fertile ground to fake and inferior goods .
A commodity with a large number of controls , some departments with prices , some with production , some with markets , some with overlapping functions , annual fake control , centralized control for a while , counterfeit goods escaped the wind and gradually emerged , just finished old holidays , and new ones emerged again .
The lack of long @-@ term regulatory mechanisms , the difficulty of cleaning up the rural market , the low cost of violating the law and the high interest in it have caused some illegal traders to rise to the top of their heads and become squandering the market in some rural areas .
From subsistence to well @-@ being , the vast majority of farmers are moving towards developmental consumption .
Recently , the Party Central Committee and the State Council issued &quot; Several Opinions on Improving the Mechanism for Promoting Consumption and Further Stimulating the Consumer Potential of Residents , &quot; in which they proposed to promote the upgrading of the consumption ladder of rural residents , with the aim of allowing the vast majority of peasants to consume the consumerism of consumering to consume the consumerism of consumerism and allowing rural consumption to truly flourish .
On the one hand , we need to deepen reform , eliminate the many political and administrative shortcomings of market supervision , adapt to local conditions , improve food safety and product quality monitoring networks , and continuously reduce the space for fake and fake sales in rural areas .
On the other hand , we must step up law enforcement efforts , open up supervision and control of indecent blood vessels , and absolutely not allow fake and sham to breed and spread in rural areas .
Rigorous punishment of pit farmers is the only way to protect farmers . No matter how hidden the counterfeiters may be , it should not become a reason for counterfeit goods to breed . The relevant departments should clearly define their responsibilities . Grassroots supervision is weak . Whichever link goes wrong , they should be held accountable and those who make counterfeits or sell them should be left without shelter .
Rigorous market access , strict eligibility vetting of production operators , control of market circulation , getting products right and clear , thinking about ways and means at source and root , allowing legitimate distributors to operate safely , and reassuring farmers to buy .
Activate rural consumption to guide demand for healthy consumption .
As consumption escalates , many farmers not only seek to eat well and eat well , but also to have a high quality of life such as culture and health . They cannot compare the rural market with low quality pedestrians , etc .
This requires promoting the extension of e @-@ commerce to a wide range of rural areas , opening up the two @-@ way urban @-@ rural distribution channels , promoting the integration of offline industrial development platforms and online trading platforms , and supporting the expansion of new modes of consumption into rural markets ; promoting the organic integration of commercial trade logistics with leisure agriculture , rural tourism , product processing , etc . , in eligible townships ; and improving modern rural circulation network systems , optimizing the integration of inventory facilities resources , and effectively reducing rural circulation costs .
To create a clean and comfortable market environment for the countryside , so that peasant consumption is not worried , rural consumption can only become more and more robust , and only then can peasant consumption gain a sense of happiness and happiness .
With effect from November 1 , our country will reduce most @-@ favoured @-@ nation ( MFN ) tariffs on some commodities , and the total tariff level will fall to 7.5 %
In accordance with the decision of the twenty @-@ sixth regular session of the State Council , the State Council Committee on Tariff Rules issued a proclamation on 30 November 2018 to reduce most @-@ favoured @-@ nation ( MFN ) rates on selected commodities , effective 1 November 2018 .
According to the Proclamation of the State Council Committee on Tariffs and Duties on the Reduction of Tariffs on Imports of Selected Commodities , the MFN rate for some goods , including industrial products , has been reduced since 1 November of this year in order to accommodate industrial upgrading , lower enterprise costs and meet the needs of the masses for multi @-@ level consumption .
Tax deductions for commodities totalled 1,585 items , representing approximately 19 per cent of the total number of items in our country , and the average tax rate dropped from 10.5 per cent to 7.8 per cent , representing an average reduction of 26 per cent .
This tax reduction relates mainly to textiles ; stones , ceramics , glass products ; some steel and base metal products ; electromechanical equipment and parts thereof , such as metal processing machines , textile machines , engineering machinery , transmission equipment , electrical appliances , instrumentation , etc . ; and resource commodities and primary processing products , such as non @-@ metallic minerals , inorganic chemicals , timber and paper products , and precious stones .
At the same time , as the overall level of tariffs , particularly on medicines and consumer goods , has been lowered , the tariff line rate on import duties on goods entering the country has been reduced accordingly .
In order to implement the decision @-@ making and deployment of the Party Central Committee and the State Council , China has implemented zero tariffs on the vast majority of imported medicines since May 1 of this year , reduced import tariffs on cars and spare parts and some consumer products for daily use from July 1 , and implemented the third step of the information technology agreement to expand the containment products .
The reporter learned from the State Council &apos;s Customs Regulations Committee that since this year , after several successive autonomous adjustments , our country &apos;s total tariff level will fall from 9.8 % last year to 7.5 % , with an average reduction of 23 % .
Appropriate tariff reductions would facilitate the balanced development of external trade and promote higher levels of external openness , as well as the integrated use of both domestic and international resources and the promotion of domestic supply @-@ side structural reforms .
Relevant officials of the committee said that this year marks the fortieth anniversary of reform and opening @-@ up . The initiative to lower the overall level of tariffs is a practical move to implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping &apos;s important speech at the Boao Forum for Asia . It is also an important move for China to further expand its openness and expand its imports in accordance with its high @-@ quality development needs . This move and initiative shows that China will firmly pursue a mutually beneficial and win @-@ win opening strategy , while enhancing its own development momentum , it will also allow China &apos;s development to better benefit the world .
On September 29 , a regional public brand launch on agricultural products was held in Nankai district , Tianjin city .
The Red Army &apos;s little rice , black beans , mountain children &apos;s songs , Montenegrin sheep , cramped tea , paper @-@ cut skin sheets , pure hand @-@ dragged shoes , and a well @-@ packaged piece of agricultural products were put on the stand , all of which had a common brand name called &quot; crambling . &quot;
Constructing a regional brand name to effectively address the many scattered , small and weak agricultural products in Ring County , the development bottleneck has become a powerful vehicle to fight poverty . On the 29th , a regional public brand launch on agricultural products hosted by Gansu Ring County was held in Nankai district , Tianjin City .
Ring county is located on the border of the three provinces of Shaanxan and Nanning , and has a long history and abundant resources as a hometown where China &apos;s small grains are piled up in Shenzhen County , Shenzhen County .
Snacks such as lamb meat , yellow rice , chopped faces , and softness on oats are all the more often remembered by guerrillas in their homelands .
As the level of urbanization in China continues to rise and the urban population grows rapidly , a large number of young people in rural areas leave their homelands to start urban life .
Yang Xiao Jia , an expert on Chinese agricultural brands , said : &quot; Now that the rhythm of urban life is fast and the pressure is high , more and more people are beginning to miss rural life when they are young , but what they cannot go back is called their hometown . The most beautiful memory is that of the countryside , the countryside , the countryside , the countryside , the countryside , the countryside . The brand design is named after the countryside sentiment and anxiety of the people of the overseas drifting ring county .
The weather conditions in Ring County are exceptional , with long daylight hours , high 24 / 7 temperature differentials , and unique conditions for the cultivation of small grains .
The country produces more than 20 kinds of small grocery grains . It is the country of small grocery grains in China . Its production is the highest in Gansu and its quality is the highest in the country .
Wang Xiaoli was a girl from Ring County who was attending school in Tianjin . She participated in the promotion meeting as a volunteer this time . She said : those who had gone home were the closest , those from the hometown were the most delighted , those from the hometown were the most delighted , and those from the hometown were the most delighted , those from the hometown were the apos . The brand name snapped too many of our countryside worries and memories . What we thought about was even more beautiful food from that time . I hope that those from the hometown would go to the apos . She hoped that the brand would go farther away and grow bigger .
Dr. Tan Bin , researcher at the Scientific Research Institute of the National Food and Material Reserves Bureau , said that by testing more than 900 sets of indicator data , all kinds of testing data on agricultural products such as bucks , bitterness , black beans and other products in Ring County are superior . Many of the physiologically active substances in grocery grains are higher than standard data , and the people in the Ring Village have an inherent advantage in grabbing the high @-@ end grocery market in the country .
Yi Chun @-@ chun , secretary of the Ring county committee , said that by grabbing the brands and publishing them , he can further improve the quality , standardization , and scale @-@ up level of innovative development of high @-@ quality agricultural products in Ring county , and help shape a good overall image of agricultural products in Ring county , rapidly improving visibility , competitiveness , and added value .
Canada &apos;s gross domestic product ( GDP ) grew by 0.2 per cent in July compared to the previous month , a higher @-@ than @-@ expected increase that raised the market &apos;s expectations of interest rate hikes by the Central Bank of Canada next month .
If it does , it will be the central bank &apos;s fifth rate hike in a little more than a year .
Analysts from Reuters &apos;s visit had previously predicted growth of 0.1 % .
Statistics Canada said on Friday that 12 out of 20 industries are growing .
The data are noteworthy because the central bank predicted earlier this month that temporary factors could drag down third @-@ quarter GDP data .
Central Bank of Canada Governor Boroz promised on Thursday that the central bank would continue to raise interest rates gradually , and that it would pay close attention to economic data .
The Bank of Canada &apos;s next interest @-@ rate decision will be announced on October 24 .
With the Canadian economy strengthening and unemployment approaching record lows , the Central Bank of Canada has raised interest rates four times since July 2017 .
According to Stephen Brown , a senior Canadian economist who has invested in macroeconomics , the economy &apos;s third @-@ quarter GDP growth rate is likely to be around 2 % per annum .
This would be higher than the CBC &apos;s forecast of 1.5 % , making it another reason to expect the CBC to raise interest rates next month , as he put it in a report .
The overnight index swap showed that market forecasts of the CBC &apos;s rate hike rate in October had risen from 76.46 per cent to 78.27 per cent .
For the first time in 65 years , South Korea and North Korea jointly visited Han Jiang &apos;s entrance to the sea
South Korea &apos;s Defense Ministry confirmed on the 5th that South Korea and North Korea launched a joint inspection of the waters of the entrance of the Han River and the Linjin River to the sea on the same day .
The initiative is a preliminary preparation to guarantee the free navigation of civilian vessels on both sides .
The South Korean Ministry of Defense &apos;s briefing to the media on the same day showed that this was the first time since the signing of the Korean War Armistice Agreement in 1953 that the two sides had conducted a joint inspection of Han Jiang &apos;s access to the sea .
n September this year , South Korea and North Korea signed a military agreement and agreed to jointly inspect the waters such as the entrance to the sea mouth of the Han River starting in November in order to safeguard the protection of the environment and develop tourism in the waters in the future .
In October , South Korea planned a joint inspection of the waters during a general @-@ military conference .
On November 5 , the joint inspection of the waters of South Korea and North Korea officially began .
The joint mission comprised 20 members of the South Korean military , experts and others .
According to the South Korean Ministry of Defense , during this inspection , neither side &apos;s personnel carried weapons and prohibited the use of words and deeds to stimulate the other side .
Since there is no military demarcation line in the vicinity of the entrance to the sea , the area was an inadvertently high @-@ security zone , but through joint inspection this will become a new peaceful zone in the future .
The waters jointly examined by South Korea and North Korea this time total about 70 kilometers and total about 280 square kilometers .
he South Korean Ministry of Defense said that the South Korean side will send six research boats to investigate the depth of sea waters , etc . , and provide basic information for safe navigation in the waters . Once the investigation is completed , it will provide navigation maps for the movement of civilian vessels .
South Korea held a summit meeting in Pyongyang in October 2007 to reach an agreement on the joint use of the Han and Linzin rivers to access the sea , but subsequent negotiations were stalled by tensions on the peninsula .
According to a military agreement signed by South Korea and North Korea in September , vessels from both sides will need to inform each other in advance before navigating in the common waters .
Chinanews.com , November 5 - According to news from the website of the Chinese Embassy in Mongolia on the 4th , in recent days , Guo Yuqin and Mao Yuxin , Chinese citizens , lost association during the Meng tour .
According to reports , the two men were members of the Blue Sky Rescue Team . On October 19 , they contacted their relatives and friends in the country and said that they were about to enter the mountains near Kusugur Lake and share their location through WeChat . After that , they lost contact and were suspected of having gone to the no @-@ man &apos;s land .
The Chinese Embassy in Mongolia has always attached great importance to the protection of the legitimate rights and security of Chinese citizens in Mongolia and to consular protection and assistance .
Immediately after learning of the missing news from the two tourists , the Embassy launched an emergency plan to take care of the gold rescue time and make every effort to carry out its work .
The Embassy maintains close communication with the family members of the client , assists them in immediately reporting the case to the Mongol police and provides the family with an alternative translation list .
The Embassy first met with the heads of the Ministry of External Relations of Mongolia , the Police Department and the Emergency Department to brief them on the situation , and requested the Mongolian side to carry out search and rescue as soon as possible and to maintain close communication with the Mongolian side throughout the search and rescue process to ensure that it was kept abreast of the latest developments .
At the same time , the embassy assisted the family in publicizing people &apos;s thoughts in Mongolia , and extensively mobilized overseas Mongolian nationals and Chinese @-@ funded enterprises to participate actively in the search for people , providing effective leads , and provided related assistance to a number of Blue Sky rescue workers who went to Mongolia to assist in the rescue .
Under the strong impetus of the Embassy , the Mongolian side dispatched rescue teams for the first time and promised to waive search and rescue fees .
The Directorate @-@ General of Police and the Directorate @-@ General of Emergency Situations have instructed the police and emergency departments of the province of Kousugur to make every effort to search and rescue them .
Because Lake Kusukur is situated on the northern border of Mongolia with Russia , is remote , sparsely populated and extremely inaccessible in terms of traffic and communications , and Mongolia has now entered a harsh winter , with temperatures as low as about 20 degrees below zero , the local police and emergency departments have overcome enormous difficulties , mobilizing almost all police forces and mobilizing local herders to carry out extensive carpet search and rescue around their disconnected positions for days through horse riding , walking and visiting herders .
At the same time , in response to the peculiar situation in the pastoral areas , the Mongolian side has been circulating thought @-@ provoking messages through the radio cycle for many days .
n China , relevant workers of the Blue Sky Rescue Team have come to Mongolia to participate actively in the rescue together with the Mongolian side .
The safety and security of the two disjointed men has always touched our hearts .
So far , more than a decade after their loss , the embassy has received a number of leads , but they have not yet been located , and the search and rescue operations are still under intense strain .
The Embassy will always be guided by the principle of putting people first , keeping the matter under constant review , encouraging the Mongolian side to continue to make every effort to search and rescue and to provide maximum assistance to the families of the persons concerned .
The Embassy called on compatriots and enterprises in Mongolia to contact the Chinese Embassy in Mongolia for the first time if they learned of the relevant leads .
