Zhang Guangjun was appointed vice governor of Guangdong province .
the fifth meeting of the standing committee of the 13 th Guangdong provincial people 's congress held its second plenary session in Guangzhou on 30 august .
after a vote , the meeting decided to appoint Zhang guangjun as vice governor of the Guangdong provincial people 's government .
before that , Zhang guangjun was deputy secretary of the party committee of the chinese academy of engineering physics .
curriculum vitae of comrade Zhang guangjun : Zhang guangjun , male , han nationality , born in february 1968 , of Chongqing nationality , joined the party in april 1994 , took part in work in july 1991 , graduated from Harbin industrial university 's radio engineering department in electronics and measuring technology , received a university degree , senior engineer , and enjoyed special subsidies from the state council government .
he is currently vice governor and member of the party group of the Guangdong provincial government .
1987 @-@ 1991 Studies in Electronics and Measurement Technology , Department of Radio Engineering , Harbin University of Technology
1991 @-@ 1998 Technician , Deputy Director , Secretary and Deputy Director , General Engineering Institute , Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics
1998 @-@ 2002 Deputy Director of the General Engineering Institute of the Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics and Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee ( during which : 1999.05 @-@ 2000.12 also served as Secretary of the Disciplinary Commission of the Institute , 2001.09 @-@ 2001.12 )
2002 @-@ 2002 Party Secretary and Deputy Director , Institute of General Engineering , Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics ( In between : 2002.03 @-@ 2004.05 Advance Course in Management Science and Engineering , Fudan University School of Management )
2002 @-@ 2009 Director of the Political Department of the Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics , Director of the Party Committee &apos;s Office and Vice @-@ President of the Party School ( In between : 2005.09 @-@ 2006.01 Training Course for Young and Middle @-@ aged Cadres of the Central Party School )
2009 @-@ 2014 Director , Major Management Office , Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics ( during which : 2011.09 @-@ 2012.01 Training Course for Young and Middle @-@ aged Cadres , Central Party School )
2014 @-@ 2015 Assistant to the President of the Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics and Head of the Major Engineering Management Office
2015 @-@ 2018 Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee , Chinese Academy of Engineering Physics
September 2018 Vice Governor and member of the Party Group of Guangdong Provincial Government
according to british media , us navy deputy director of operations , general William Moran , said : even as the us navy is reinvigorating its strength to deal with russia , which is increasingly worrying on both sides of the atlantic , the united states continues to make the focus of its navy on expanding the asia - pacific region to include the Indian ocean , asia , and the pacific region .
the united states listed china and russia as strategic competitors in its new defense strategy announced earlier this year , according to a report on the website of the british " Jane 's defense weekly . "
since then , the United States Navy has revived the Second Fleet in order to confront Russia more directly .
the move has raised some doubts and concerns among allies and analysts that the US Navy could move away from the &quot; Asia @-@ Pacific rebalancing &quot; strategy that has marked the Obama administration , the report said .
but Admiral Moran said the U. S. Navy &apos;s focus remains on the western Pacific .
at a round @-@ table discussion entitled &quot; Addressing the High Seas Challenge , &quot; hosted by the National Bureau of Asian Studies of the United States in Washington , D.C. , on 24 January 2018 , he said : &quot; there has been no significant change for us . &quot;
&quot; the emphasis is still on rebalancing , shifting the center of gravity or whatever you want to describe it , &quot; Moran said .
however , he acknowledged that the united states has close ties with europe .
&quot; we will continue to look at the growth of the West Coast and balance what we can do , &quot; he said .
although Moran pointed out that the overall policy toward russia falls within the purview of the us secretary of defense , he warned : " the Russians may face demographic and economic challenges , but history has proven that if we clash with them , they will be very tough . "
Admiral Moran said that , as part of the us resurgence against russia , china , and other competitors , the us navy is dynamically deploying its troops into a " new mode of operation , " which will help to surprise opponents about where the us aircraft carrier combat group or other assets will be deployed at any given time and place .
he said : " we in the navy and marines support it - the concept of unpredictability of operations , not appearing in the same place again and again , almost like a hairpin - this is our practice . "
the first attempt at such a new approach was reported to have been made by the carrier battle group Harri Truman , whose early deployment included working visits to ports and patrolling in areas normally reserved for passage .
Moran said the U.S. Navy was working to ensure allies knew the ships would still patrol traditional areas and was addressing logistical and family liaison issues for the new deployment procedures .
Lieutenant General Michael Nunan , commander of the Royal Australian Navy , also spoke at the event , saying the Australian army could work seamlessly with the United States aircraft carrier battle group .
he said the situation would continue as the Royal Australian Navy planned to procure nine more frigates equipped with the aegis combat system .
more airlines raise or restore fuel surcharges from Oct. 5 It &apos;s going to be more expensive for a plane trip starting next Friday
yesterday , Xiang Peng airlines , Okai airlines , and other airlines announced to the public that as of october 5 , 2018 ( the date of issuance of tickets ) , the domestic flight fuel surcharge will be $ 20 per passenger for the routes below 800 km , and $ 30 per passenger for the routes above 800 km .
Xiang Peng airlines , Okai airlines , and others announced that starting from 0 : 00 a.m . on october 5 , 2018 ( the date of issue ) , the standard for charging fuel surcharges for domestic air routes below 800 km ( including ) will be raised from 10 yuan per person to 20 yuan per person , and the standard for charging fuel surcharges for domestic air routes above 800 km will be raised from 10 yuan per passenger to 30 yuan per person .
children , military and police disabled persons are all $ 10 per person ; infants continue to be exempt .
according to the person in charge of the flight ticket , the airline has indicated in the notice that the fuel surcharge will be levied on the original date of issue , and the fuel surcharge will not be refunded when the ticket is changed .
this means that domestic airline tickets issued before 5 October will not be subject to the new standard fuel surcharge if they are changed to 5 October inclusive .
since June 5 , 2018 , Air China , East China Airlines , Sea Airways , Shanghai Airlines , Chunqiu Airlines , Shenzhen Airlines , Western Airlines , Okai Airlines and other airlines have resumed charging fuel surcharges for domestic routes that have been cancelled for three years , at a rate of 10 yuan per person .
this time , Xiang Peng airlines and Okai airlines took the lead in announcing an increase in the fuel surcharge . as of the time of writing , we have not seen any news from the four major domestic airlines announcing that they would follow up on the readjustment .
it has also been learned that the hong kong civil aviation department ( cad ) has stipulated that airlines are free to decide whether or not to charge a fuel surcharge from november .
Cathay Pacific first announced on Sept . 27 that it would reintroduce the fuel surcharge from Nov 2 .
Cathay pacific airways ' website shows that all Cathay pacific airways and Cathay pacific dragon airfares issued or re - issued on or after november 2 will include fuel surcharges for long - haul flights to and from hong kong and the southwest pacific region , north america , europe , the middle east and india , and africa , with fuel surcharges of $ 652 and $ 146 for short - haul flights .
the cost is applicable to all types of tickets and is calculated on the basis of each segment and includes airfares quoted in all direct selling channels of Cathay Pacific .
on the eve of the 69 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china , chinese state council premier li Keqiang met with new ambassadors from 29 countries and regions at the great hall of the people on the afternoon of 30 april .
Li Keqiang shook hands and cordially talked with all diplomatic envoys in china .
Li Keqiang welcomed the ambassadors to take up their new posts in china , and asked them to convey sincere greetings and best wishes to the leaders and people of all relevant countries and leaders of relevant organizations .
Li keqiang spoke positively of china 's good relations with other countries and regions , stressing that china is committed to enhancing bilateral political mutual trust , deepening practical cooperation , and strengthening coordination and cooperation in international and regional affairs . he hoped that the special envoys would go more frequently , look more closely , and make new positive contributions to promoting the development of china 's relations with their respective countries and regions in their new posts .
the chinese government is willing to provide convenience and support to the ambassadors in the performance of their duties .
Li Keqiang pointed out : China adheres to the road of peaceful development and unswervingly promotes economic globalization .
this year marks the 40th anniversary of china 's reform and opening up . as the largest developing country in the world , we are willing to achieve common development with other countries in further opening up .
against the background of rising protectionism and unilateralism , we are willing to work with all sides to continue to consolidate and strengthen our partnership in line with the principles of mutual respect , equality and mutual benefit , to promote the strategy of reciprocal development , to promote cooperation in the construction of the &quot; one belt , one road , &quot; to join hands in safeguarding multilateralism and free trade , to build an open world economy , and to inject new impetus into the stable and balanced development of the world economy .
the ambassadors of various countries and institutions in china warmly congratulated the 69 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china , conveyed greetings from the leaders of their respective countries and institutions to the chinese leaders and people , and expressed the belief that further deepening reform and opening up in the future will bring more development opportunities to the world .
we are willing to play a positive role in promoting friendly cooperation between our respective countries and regions and in achieving a better mutual benefit and win - win situation .
subsequently , foreign envoys to china attended the national day reception at the invitation of li keqiang .
Wang Yi , State Councilor and Minister for Foreign Affairs , attended the event .
Ito Tzu , Japan , acknowledged a $ 1.3 billion impairment in its investment in CITIC China on Friday , writing down its biggest corporate investment deal as a result of trade tensions between China and the United States .
in May 2016 , in Tokyo , Japan , a man walks past the headquarters of Pu Hong Co . Ltd .
Mr Pinghong said the trade war had hit his U. S. cereal arm , Mr Gao Hong , and that it had suspended financial transactions in agriculture .
some Japanese manufacturers of heavy equipment and telecoms companies have already warned about the impact of trade frictions between china and the united states when announcing their latest results , and these Japanese trading houses have now joined the ranks .
the US and China impose tariffs on each other &apos;s hundreds of billions of dollars in goods , and US President Donald Trump has threatened to extend the tax to all Chinese exports of more than $ 500 billion if the dispute is not resolved .
Tsuyoshi Hachimura , Ito &apos;s commercial treasurer , said the trade dispute could have a bigger impact on China &apos;s economy next year .
Ito Zhong Commercial and Thailand &apos;s Bumble Group invested $ 10 billion in CITIC in 2015 , taking a 20 per cent stake .
Hachimura said Ito Tzu had a 143.3 billion yen ( $ 1.3 billion ) loss on the stake because it was not expected that CITIC &apos;s share price would rebound in the near future .
Ito Tzu maintained its profit forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31 , 2019 at 500 billion yen .
China imposed a 25 per cent import tariff on American soybeans in July to counter Washington &apos;s trade frictions .
&quot; our cereal business has been hit by trade frictions between the US and China , &quot; said Yuanhong Pak , chief financial officer .
Mr Gao said he had stopped trading in his own accounts since September .
in a draft statement Friday , Gaohong spokesman Pat Burke said the company was &quot; constrained by internal policies and a lack of market opportunities . &quot;
he also said the suspension of financial transactions would not lead to job losses .
Pak Hong maintained its annual profit forecast of 230 billion yen , helped by pulp and paper production and power generation .
Sumitomo Commercial reported Thursday a 16 per cent rise in profits from April to September , emphasizing that &quot; US @-@ China trade problems have led to unclear prospects . &quot;
Mitsubishi Commercial raised its annual profit estimate to record levels Friday as a result of increased coke production and higher prices for commodities such as oil and coal .
Mitsubishi Commercial also announced a new business plan to boost profits to 900 billion yen ( $ 7.98 billion ) in the fiscal year ending March 31 , 2022 , from an estimated 640 billion yen this year .
chinanews , november 5 ( chinanews ) according to a comprehensive report , voting in the us mid - term elections has entered the countdown .
on November 4 , President Donald Trump and his Democratic opponents actively &quot; urged &quot; their core constituencies to vote .
both parties point out that voter turnout will be the key to the outcome .
it has been reported that , 48 hours before the popular vote in the United States , Trump was busy attending a rally for Republican candidates , while former President Barack Obama went to Indiana to stand on the platform for Joe Donnelly , the Democratic senate candidate who was anxious about the election , and to shout his final pre @-@ election demands to the crowd .
on November 4 , Trump went to Megon , Georgia , to stand for the Republican candidate for governor , Brian Kemp , saying : &quot; you have to go to the polling station on Tuesday , you have to vote . &quot;
&quot; the contrast between the elections is unlikely to be clearer . &quot;
voter political enthusiasm has risen to a rare peak , with early voting in some states far more than usual .
successive US presidents face their first midterm elections , and the number of congressional seats in his party tends to fall .
Republicans could benefit from an economic assessment and Trump &apos;s tight focus on border security , although the Democratic Party &apos;s federal House of Representatives election remains strong , according to a new poll published on Thursday by The Washington Post and ABC News .
polls show that registered voters prefer more Democratic House candidates than Republicans , at 50 % to 43 % , but are still down 14 percentage points ahead of August .
another poll by the National Broadcasting Corporation ( NBC ) and The Wall Street Journal also showed Democrats still 7 percentage points ahead of Republicans .
&quot; when people don &apos;t tell the truth , when words don &apos;t represent anything anymore , it &apos;s bound to be a bad thing , &quot; Obama told the crowd during Senator Donoli &apos;s campaign .
democracy does not work when people have to lie to themselves . &quot;
&quot; the only way to stop these Republicans now is for you and your votes . &quot;
Democrats face the most difficult election in decades in the Senate , where Republicans now hold more than half of the 51 seats .
but the House of Representatives is in a better position , with Democrats needing an additional 23 seats to take control of the 435 @-@ seat House .
analysts at FiveThirty Eight.com , the forecasters , predict that Democrats will win as much as 85 % of the House of Representatives .
the CPPCC national committee convened general secretary xi Jinping 's important ideological and theoretical seminar on strengthening and improving the CPPCC 's work . Wang yang attended and delivered a speech .
the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( CPPCC ) held an important ideological and theoretical seminar on strengthening and improving CPPCC work in beijing from 29 to 30 august .
Wang yang , member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the CPC central committee and chairman of the CPPCC national committee , attended and spoke at the meeting .
he emphatically pointed out : General secretary xi Jinping 's important thinking on strengthening and improving the work of the CPPCC profoundly expounded the role , objectives , duties , missions , and practical requirements of the CPPCC , scientifically answered a series of major questions of a directional , overall , and strategic nature , and was a powerful ideological weapon guiding the work of the CPPCC in the new era .
it is necessary to conscientiously study and implement this important thinking , grasp its great significance , enrich its connotation , and spiritual essence , conscientiously make efforts to study , understand , and understand , and do practical work to improve the quality of the work of the CPPCC through theoretical study and ideological armament , and conscientiously undertake the new tasks of the CPPCC in the new era .
from 29 to 30 september , the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ CPPCC ] held in beijing an important ideological and theoretical seminar on strengthening and improving the CPPCC work .
Wang yang pointed out : since the 18 th CPC national congress , general secretary Xi Jinping has put forward a series of new ideas and new viewpoints on strengthening and improving the work of the CPPCC . for the first time , he has put forward that the CPPCC is an important channel and special consultative body for socialist consultation and democracy , an important component of the state management system , and an institutional arrangement with chinese characteristics . he has for the first time expounded the characteristics and advantages of the new party system .
Wang yang stressed : the CPPCC committees at all levels should take theoretical study and discussion as an opportunity to further find out the weak links and shortcomings in the CPPCC 's work , make efforts to strengthen and improve it , and seek breakthroughs .
it is necessary to comprehensively strengthen party building in the CPPCC system and ensure that the party central committee 's decision - making and arrangements are implemented to the letter in the CPPCC work .
we should strengthen ideological and political leadership , improve the system , procedures , and mechanisms for making suggestions and for building consensus on " two - way power , " and implement ideological and political leadership in all aspects and in the entire process of performing our duties .
it is necessary to focus on the central task , perform duties and responsibilities , better obey and serve the overall interests of the party and the state , improve the quality of advisors , and enhance the effectiveness of performing duties .
it is necessary to strengthen the CPPCC 's own construction , do a good job in educating and training its members and cadres , give play to the basic role of the special committee , and lay a solid foundation for the CPPCC to carry out its duties .
it is necessary to strengthen guidance for the work of the local CPPCC , demonstrate the direction , solve difficult problems , and raise the overall level of the work of the CPPCC .
in order to thoroughly study and implement the thinking of Xi Jinping on socialism with chinese characteristics in the new era and the spirit of the 19 th CPC national congress , the CPPCC national committee system began in may to launch general secretary Xi Jinping 's important ideological study and discussion activities on strengthening and improving the work of the CPPCC . it held eight regional forums and seven expert and academic forums , and identified 18 key topics and six basic theoretical topics . a total of 793,800 CPPCC members at all levels and 279,000 cadres participated in studying and formed more than 36,000 research papers .
Renmin ribao beijing , november 5 ( Wang xiaoyan ) under the current wave of " mass entrepreneurship , mass innovation , " more and more scientific and technological companies have begun to attach importance to patent research and development and related protection work , dig deeply into the potential value of patents , and occupy market dominance .
in the same way , many scientific and technological enterprises have encountered a great deal of infringement in the areas of patent technology licensing and the use of patent technology .
at the end of 2017 , Tan Wei , He Zhanghong and Lai Bin from Guangdong Province sued Guangdong Pacific Internet Information Services Limited ( Guangdong Pacific ) , the developer of the &quot; Drop @-@ Drop Travel &quot; APP , to the Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court on the grounds of patent infringement .
the plaintiff asked the court to order that the defendant immediately stop manufacturing , selling , promising to sell and using the plaintiff &apos;s patent .
on October 30 , 2018 , China Refereeing Instruments Network announced the &quot; First Instance Civil Ruling Letter of Patent Infringement Dispute between Tan Wei , He Zhanghong and Beijing Tangerine Technology Co . , Ltd . , &quot; disclosing details of some of the cases in which the APP was sued for patent infringement .
the three plaintiffs held that the patentee and inventor of the patent for the " mobile terminal - based car pooling service system and method " and that the entire operation process of the " windward " application in the " drip trip " APP corresponded to the technical scheme of patent protection involved and constituted patent infringement .
however , during the court 's ruling , citrus science and technology held that Guangdong pacific was not a suitable defendant , that it only provided free downloads of the APP " drip travel " involved in the case on the internet , that it did not implement the patent method involved , that there was no direct or indirect infringement , and that it should not be classified as a defendant in this case .
secondly , the tort in this case is not in Guangdong .
in accordance with the law , the place of infringement of the patent in question was the place where the patent method in question was carried out in its entirety . therefore , the court jurisdiction was challenged and the case was transferred to the court where the defendant resides , namely , the beijing intellectual property court .
the Guangzhou intellectual property court held that it was not inappropriate for the plaintiff to list the defendant , Guangdong Pacific , as the defendant had provided the alleged infringing travel APP products on its internet platform .
and the defendant Guangdong Pacific domicile in Guangzhou City , under the jurisdiction of the Guangzhou Intellectual Property Court .
the defendant , Little Tangerine Technology , argued that the case should be referred to the Beijing Intellectual Property Court for trial on insufficient grounds , rejected the objection of the defendant , Little Tangerine Technology Co . , Ltd . , to the jurisdiction of the case and bore the costs of accepting the challenge .
other trials of the case have not yet been announced , and reporters will pay close attention to the details of the case .
interview with Chief Executive Officer , Federal Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation of Australia : Australia @-@ China Science and Technology Cooperation Achieves Outstanding Results
" China 's science and technology have developed rapidly in the past few decades , and australia and china can achieve fruitful results by working hand in hand in the scientific field . "
in an exclusive interview with zxs in beijing a few days ago , Larry Marshall , chief executive officer of australia 's federal scientific and industrial research organization , said : from dealing with climate change to cooperation in the " eye of heaven " project , australia - china cooperation in the field of science and technology has shown great vitality .
CSIRO , Australia &apos;s largest national research institute , has produced a number of innovative research results that have attracted worldwide attention in the areas of oceans , energy , biology , materials and astronomy .
CSIRO and the Chinese Academy of Sciences and other scientific research institutions have maintained close cooperation .
&quot; this is a lasting friendship , one that embraces a tradition of trust in partners and long @-@ term cooperation , &quot; Marshall said .
in May , China &apos;s 500 @-@ meter spherical radio telescope , China &apos;s Heaven Eye , installed the world &apos;s first 19 @-@ beam L @-@ band receiver .
the most advanced 19 - beam feed receiver in the world is jointly developed by chinese and Australian scientists .
Marshall said the successful development of the receiver was based on CSIRO &apos;s years of technological accumulation , which would increase the speed of the FAST survey by five to six times and expand the range of scientific observation targets .
&quot; this is CSIRO &apos;s contribution to FAST . &quot;
in addition to the above @-@ mentioned cooperation , CSIRO also cooperates closely with Chinese scientific institutions in the construction of a square kilometre array of radio telescopes , the development of new fuel technologies and the conservation and reduction of emissions .
&quot; previous scientific research has tended to focus on problems over a hundred years from now , and now more scientific research is needed to solve the problems that lie ahead . &quot;
Marshall held that australia and china are complementary in the field of scientific development , and that both countries face a series of challenges in their development .
for example , extreme weather is common around the globe , droughts and floods have led to reduced food production and food shortages have severely affected human development .
at the same time , population explosion , aging , chronic diseases and other issues are also serious challenges .
" the cooperation between australia and china in recent years has mainly focused on solving these current problems . "
Marshall said that the international center for marine research in the southern hemisphere , jointly set up by CSIRO and the Qingdao national laboratory for marine science and technology , will focus on observing the El Niño and La Niña phenomena , studying their relationship with extreme weather , and establishing early warning facilities for extreme weather . CSIRO and the chinese academy of science and technology have jointly developed new grain varieties to overcome extreme weather and can also alleviate the food shortage caused by extreme weather .
&quot; in the current environment , where it is difficult for science , technology and innovation to be accomplished on their own , where the costs are extremely high and where there are so many problems to be solved , cooperation is particularly important today . &quot;
Marshall said that the closer the cooperation , the more likely it will be to achieve breakthrough progress , which is also the significance of strengthening cooperation between australia and china under the " one belt , one road " framework .
" to strengthen bilateral cooperation , it is mainly in the field of science and technology . "
Marshall said , for example , that CSIRO had recently developed a non @-@ cyanide gold purification method . because the traditional cyanide gold purification method was very harmful to the environment , many countries wanted to find a way to purify gold that was less polluting to the environment .
" we are very willing to introduce this technology into china , which is one of the results of our participation in the ' one belt , one road ' cooperation . "
on 29 august , the 2018 baoji silk road tourism promotion and cooperation seminar was held in Urumqi city , Xinjiang . while appreciating the fruits of baoji 's development , guests attending the meeting were also able to enjoy local cuisine and experience the rich local history and culture .
during the month preceding the event , baoji successively launched a series of high - density and extensive tourism promotion activities in eight cities along the silk road , including Tianshui , ping , Lanzhou , Yinchuan , gu yuan , Xining , Zhang ye , and Hami , laying a good foundation for the successful holding of the baoji silk road tourism promotion and project cooperation forum in 2018 .
Hui jincai , mayor of baoji city in Shaanxi province , said : Baoji has a long history and culture , and has a strong industrial foundation . it is the second largest city in Shaanxi province and the second - center city of Guan tien economic zone and Guanzhong plain urban agglomeration . it is an important node city along the " one belt , one road " initiative .
in recent years , Baoji city has continuously upgraded its five major functions of industrial cluster , logistics hub , comprehensive service , open heights , and humanities , and has accelerated its catch - up and high - quality development .
at the meeting , the baoji city tourism development committee and Urumqi tourism bureau signed an agreement on strategic cooperation in tourism between the two places .
at the same time , many travel agencies in Xinjiang signed agreements on cooperation in tourism with Baoji Daishuichuan , Fumen Monastery Buddha Cultural Scenic Area , Taibaishan Tourism Scenic Area and Guantan Prairie Scenic Area .
Chen Hongwei , head of the marketing promotion section of the baoji city tourism development committee , said : " some tourist resources in Xinjiang are complementary to baoji . we have come all the way to promote tourism in Xinjiang , mainly introducing the humanistic baoji , gourmet baoji , natural scenery , and so on . more than 500 photos have been selected so that the tourists can feel the beautiful scenery of baoji . "
focusing on tourism resources , tourism projects , and tourist routes , the event comprehensively publicized and promoted the overall image of baoji tourism , high - quality tourism products , and fine - quality tourism industry projects , consolidated Xinjiang 's tourist source market , comprehensively sang the brand name of " seeing china coming to baoji , " and promoted the influence of baoji in northwest china 's Xinjiang to attract more tourists and tourists .
Feng Xu , deputy director of the baoji city merchants and merchants bureau , said : " at this event , baoji city departments at all levels , counties , districts , and development zones actively held docking talks and coordinated the implementation of a large number of good projects and large projects .
so far , 41 projects have been signed , involving a total amount of 26.043 billion yuan . "
in recent years , around the goal of building international cities along the " one belt , one road , one road " initiative , famous cities in the equipment manufacturing industry , famous historical and cultural cities , and beautiful and happy cities with livable occupations , Baoji has continuously promoted the five major functions of industrial clusters , logistics hubs , integrated services , open highlands , and humanities , speeding up catch - up and surpassing and high - quality development .
in 2017 , the regional gross domestic product reached 218 billion yuan , up 8.7 percent .
he has won more than 20 national - level honors , including the national civilized city , the national eco - park city , and the china Habitat environment award .
Yan naimin , standing committee member and vice mayor of Urumqi city CPC committee , introduced that Urumqi , as a key town in the new north road on the silk road , has a special geographical location advantage . since ancient times , Urumqi has been an important channel linking the north and the south of the Tianshan mountains , connecting Xinjiang with the hinterland , and connecting china with central asia , west asia , and europe . it has been an important window for china 's opening up to the west and for foreign economic and cultural exchanges , and has a favorable investment environment .
focusing on equipment manufacturing , logistics trade , and tourism industries , the event was held in Urumqi with the sincere intention of seeking common development opportunities and discussing major plans for cooperation .
at the meeting , local businessmen in Xinjiang signed six contracts with baoji counties and districts , involving 3.25 billion yuan .
on the same day , foreign guests , including representatives of Kyrgyzstan 's visa office in Urumqi , russia 's Novosibirsk law company limited , the Tajik chamber of commerce and industry in Urumqi , and the russian Tatarstan chamber of commerce , attended the meeting .
the Urumqi Merchants Bureau , Commercial Bureau , Agricultural and Pastoral Bureau , Tourism Bureau , and other departments , enterprises and the media attended the meeting .
the rejuvenation of the northeast is related to the overall situation of national development .
the industrial enterprises in northeast china are bigger and have a better foundation . for northeast china , grasping innovation means grasping development , and seeking innovation means grasping the future .
whether or not the vitality of the old industrial base can be re - energized and released will affect the general secretary 's heart .
North Korea &apos;s foreign minister , Lee Yong @-@ ho , told the United Nations Saturday that the continued imposition of sanctions is deepening North Korea &apos;s mistrust of the United States and that North Korea cannot give up its nuclear weapons unilaterally under such circumstances .
Lee Yong @-@ ho told the United Nations General Assembly that North Korea had adopted &quot; very friendly practices &quot; over the past year , including halting missile and nuclear tests , dismantling nuclear testing sites and committing to non @-@ proliferation of nuclear weapons and technology .
&quot; but we have not seen any response from the United States , &quot; he said .
" if we do not trust the united states , we will have no confidence in our national security , and under such circumstances , we cannot give up weapons unilaterally first . "
although lee yonhao repeated north korea 's complaints about the united states ' opposition to " phased " denuclearization , his remarks were of great significance because he did not completely reject unilateral denuclearization , as north korea had done before .
Lee referred to a joint statement by Kim Jong @-@ un and Trump on June 12 , when Kim Jong @-@ un agreed to work toward &quot; denuclearizing the Korean peninsula &quot; and Trump promised to protect North Korea &apos;s security .
North Korea has been seeking an official end to the 1950 @-@ 53 Korean War , but the United States says North Korea must first give up its nuclear weapons .
the united states also refused to relax its demand for international sanctions against north korea .
" the united states insists on " denuclearizing first , " and has increased the pressure for sanctions to achieve its goal through high pressure . it has even refused to issue a " declaration on the end of the war , " li yonhao said .
&quot; the idea that sanctions can make us kneel for mercy is that people who do not know us are daydreaming .
but the problem is that these continuing sanctions are deepening our mistrust .
Lee yung - ho did not mention the us president 's second special fund meeting plan mentioned at the united nations earlier this week .
instead , he highlighted Kim Jong @-@ un &apos;s three meetings with South Korean President Wen Jin @-@ yun over the past five months , and said : &quot; the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula would not have become so deadlocked if the other side had been South Korea , not North Korea . &quot;
China announced a reduction in import tariffs for 1,585 tariff items effective 1 November 2018 .
since the beginning of this year , china has taken the initiative to lower import tariffs one after another .
on 1 may this year , the taxes on pharmaceuticals were reduced in an all - round way , and the import tariffs on all ordinary pharmaceuticals , including anti - cancer pharmaceuticals , alkaloids , and proprietary chinese medicines , which were actually imported , were adjusted to zero .
at the same time , it also greatly reduced the value - added tax on the production and import of anti - cancer drugs .
July 1 reduces taxes on 218 taxable cars and parts .
after the tax cut , china 's vehicle tax rate has been lower than the average in developing countries , and is in line with the actual conditions of china 's automobile industry .
this tax reduction will promote the readjustment of the industrial structure and the optimal allocation of resources , speed up the survival of the fittest and fittest , and help improve the quality of products and services . it is expected to promote the readjustment of automobile prices to a certain extent so that consumers can reap more tangible benefits .
July 1 th reduced taxes on 1,449 items of daily consumer goods .
the reduction of taxes on consumer goods for daily use is closely related to the people &apos;s need for a better life .
this time the tax cut was not only large but also strong , with the average tax cut reaching 56 percent .
the reduction of taxes on consumer goods for daily use directly benefits the vast number of consumers and promotes the competitiveness of domestic industries .
on Nov. 1 , taxes will be reduced on 1,585 items of machinery and electrical equipment , parts and raw materials , and other industrial products .
appropriately lowering import tariffs on some badly needed domestic industrial products will attract more foreign investment , help increase effective domestic supply and promote industrial upgrading , help enterprises allocate resources on a global scale , reduce production costs , and help reduce pressure on the domestic environment .
according to a relevant person in charge of the office of the customs and excise commission under the state council , the above - mentioned four autonomous tax reductions and the third - step tax reduction implemented on 1 july this year on the basis of the results of negotiations on expanding the scope of the information technology agreement will reduce china 's total tariff level from 9.8 percent in the previous year to 7.5 percent .
the adjusted total tariff level is slightly higher than that of the eu , lower than that of most developing countries , and is at a moderate low level , basically matching china 's position as a developing country and its stage of development .
according to the responsible person , the total tariff level , as one of the important indexes of china 's open trade in goods , should be commensurate with the stage of china 's economic development and reflect the characteristics of the times .
China 's trade in goods is the largest in the world , and it already has an economic foundation for further opening up . however , the quality and efficiency of trade development are still lagging behind those of developed economies . therefore , the overall level of tariffs should be appropriately lowered .
tariffs are the means of protection for compliance . tariff levels should be commensurate with industrial competitiveness . benign competition should be encouraged . excessive protection is not conducive to industrial development and the improvement of quality .
tariff rate adjustment should take into account the needs of production and consumer demand .
it is necessary to lay stress on lowering the commodity tax rate , which is relatively large in domestic demand and helps the industrial transformation and upgrading . it is necessary to strive to increase the import of products with special advantages where the demand of the masses is concentrated , constantly enhance the sense of enterprise and public access , and meet the needs for upgrading the industrial structure and the consumption structure .
efforts to reduce taxes should take into account fiscal revenues and the affordability of industrial development .
in selecting the specific commodities to be reduced and the scope of the reduction , it is necessary to coordinate well the two markets at home and abroad and the upper and lower levels , and the relations between production and consumption , so as to maintain the momentum of steady and good development of china 's economy .
the responsible person stressed : this year marks the 40 th anniversary of reform and opening up . China 's initiative to lower the overall level of import tariffs is a major move made in line with china 's own need to achieve high - quality development . it is conducive to making overall use of both international and foreign resources , promoting the improvement of the quality of the domestic supply system , and satisfying the people 's needs for consumption and upgrading .
this action and measure shows that china will unswervingly pursue a mutually beneficial and win - win strategy of opening up , firmly support economic globalization , resolutely safeguard the principle of free trade and the multilateral trade system with the wto as the core , continue to draw development momentum from opening up to the world , and enable china to develop and benefit the world better .
Serbian president to meet in kosovo tomorrow to discuss kosovo situation
citing information from the Serbian president 's office , the Yugoslav news agency said that Serbian president Vučić ordered the armed forces of kosovo to reach the highest operational readiness in view of the fact that the special forces of kosovo have occupied the passage of the water storage lake at the gazivoda hydropower station in northern kosovo controlled by the belgrade side .
on 29 September , the Serbian Minister of Defence , Vulin , declared that the Serbian army was on full alert .
Vulin stressed that Serbia would continue to monitor the current situation in Kosovo as long as the orders issued by Vučić remained in force , and that the Serb Army would respond regardless of the direction of events .
according to a russian news agency report , in an interview on 29 september , Vučić said that he had briefed the united states , russia , and europe on the current situation and would travel to Moscow on 2 october to meet with russian president Putin and seek Putin 's support on the kosovo issue .
asked if Serbia needed Russian military support , as Syria did , Vučić answered in the negative : &quot; I do not want a major military conflict on our territory . &quot;
Vučić also stated that the full operational readiness of the Serbian Army was intended only to serve as a deterrent to the conflict , but it was also a clear warning that no violence in Kosovo would be tolerated .
the increase in the operational readiness of the Serbian Army is linked to two major moves by the Kosovo side .
according to the Serbian side , in recent days Albanians have been arresting in the northern part of Kosovo Serbs who have been living there for generations without violating any law .
Vučić said that since Marko Jurić , head of the Serbian government 's office in kosovo and Metohija , was beaten and detained by the kosovo Albanian army on 26 march this year , the ethnic Albanians have escalated the situation in the region and carried out inhuman arrests and expulsions of Serbs .
in addition , more than 100 people , including the ROSU Special Forces of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Kosovo , armed police and snipers , who announced their own establishment a few days ago , occupied positions near the water storage lake at the Gatsivoda hydropower station , entered the ecological and sports centre near the dam in the northern part of the Kosovo region and blocked all nearby roads , which were originally controlled by the Serbian side .
Vučić pointed out : this military adventurous action in kosovo was instigated by western countries . the kosovo army 's move was not notified to the Serbian side beforehand , in violation of chapter 9 , paragraph 1 , of the Brussels agreement , and also in violation of un security council resolution 1244 and the military - technical agreement between Serbia and kosovo .
Vučić has already addressed NATO Secretary @-@ General Stoltenberg , criticizing the hypocrisy of Western countries over Kosovo .
the root cause of the current conflict remains centuries of historical enmity between the Serbian and Albanian communities in Kosovo .
with regard to Kosovo &apos;s affiliation , Serbs and Albanians have different accounts .
Serbia considers Kosovo to be the birthplace of the nation and the cradle of culture , as Serbia established its most powerful State here in the twelfth century , and ethnic Albanians moved in large numbers only after the Ottoman Empire invaded and the Serbian army fell back to the north .
Albanians , for their part , maintained that the primitive Ilirians , who lived in Kosovo in the fourth and fifth centuries BC , were the ancestors of Albanians and , as such , had been Albanian territory since time immemorial .
subjective political divisions have led to violent ethnic , religious and cultural clashes and to violent confrontations between Serbs and Albanians in the Kosovo region .
in 1912 , Kosovo Albanians first declared the independence of Albania .
after the First World War , a large number of Albanians living in the Balkans moved to Turkey , with a relative increase in the proportion of Serbs , who perceived the practice of &quot; taking back only their own land &quot; as looting by Albanians as &quot; Greater Serbia , &quot; fuelling the contradictions between the two communities .
Kosovo has become a " powder keg " in the Balkans .
in 1999 , armed clashes between Albanian separatists in the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) and the Serbian army and police led to the bombing of the Yugoslav Federal Republic of Serbia and Montenegro by NATO forces and the outbreak of the war in Kosovo .
on 17 February 2008 , Kosovo unilaterally declared its independence from Serbia .
since then , despite reports that Serbia will normalize relations with kosovo and sign a global and legally binding agreement , agreements between the united states , europe , and russia have not been signed because of historical ethnic enmity and geopolitical constraints .
just a month ago , Vučić made it clear for the first time that he was in favour of separating Serbs from Albanians in Kosovo and once again publicizing the contradictions between the two communities .
power communications still suspended amid tsunami rescue difficulties
according to figures released by indonesia 's disaster relief agency early on the morning of the 30 th , a strong earthquake and a tsunami caused 420 deaths in donggara district , central Sulawesi province , on the 28 th .
Wilem Rampangilei , head of the Indonesian Disaster Relief Agency , said the figure was preliminary statistics for the central Sulawesi provincial capital of Palu , about 80 kilometers from the epicenter of the quake , where many hotels , shopping malls , warehouses and other crowded buildings damaged by the earthquake have yet to be rescued because of a lack of large search and rescue equipment .
on September 29 , 2018 , local time , a bridge damaged by an earthquake and tsunami collapsed in Ba Lu , Indonesia , breaking into sections .
as a result of the severe damage to electricity and communications facilities , the epicentre of the earthquake , Dungala District , and the adjacent area of Sigi , remain inaccessible &quot; isolated islands &quot; and the number of victims cannot be counted .
Indonesian Vice President Carla says the death toll may be in the thousands , according to media reports .
power outages , communications outages , road disruptions , airport damage ... Strong earthquakes and post @-@ tsunami rescue efforts have been difficult .
as a result of the power outage , a number of hospitals and rescue settlements in the city of Palu rely on fuel to generate electricity .
roads into and out of the city were blocked by landslides and large transport vehicles , including fuel tankers , were prevented from entering , straining fuel supplies .
Indonesian social minister Agus said emergency relief supplies , including tents , mattresses , blankets , clothing , food and household kits , had not arrived from the neighboring provinces of Surawisi and Gorantaro because of the damage to the roads .
relief consignments from the capital , Jakarta , are being transported to the affected areas by air transport aircraft .
in view of the damage to the tower and runway of Palu airport during the earthquake , all commercial flights have been suspended for the sole purpose of ensuring security and safeguarding relief operations , and military aircraft carrying relief supplies and personnel have taken off and landed .
Indonesian political , legal and security co - ordinator Wiranto , who is in charge of rescue operations in the quake zone , called for an early resumption of power supply and airport commercial flight services to ensure the operation of rescue agencies such as hospitals and allow more aid workers , volunteers and aid supplies to reach the affected areas .
on 28 august , several strong earthquakes occurred successively in donggara county , central Sulawesi province . among them , a magnitude 7.7 strong earthquake at 1702 local time triggered a tsunami , causing major disasters in Palu city , donggara county , and xiji district .
chinanews , beijing , Oct. 1 ( reporter yin li ) - - - - beijing recently continued to open the most beautiful blue sky pattern , attracting thousands of beijing residents to take a fancy picture on a social platform and feel happy while continuously brushing the screen , saying that " under the blue sky and white clouds , " " drunk " and " skyline are the best business cards in beijing . "
since August , Beijing has ushered in the &quot; blue sky . &quot;
inside the capital , people can be seen anywhere , anytime , holding a smartphone , or holding a single - camera to take pictures .
Weibo , Weixin circle of friends and other social platforms , can be seen in the online footage of the Imperial Palace , Tiananmen Gate , Bird &apos;s Nest , Hutong . . . . . . . . . . . . . various types of buildings in the blue sky under the display of different beauty .
some netizens said that such a " large area of scenery " is the best city propaganda film in beijing , while others ridiculed that if such a blue sky was painted for a long time , people with cervical spondylosis would be cured , and some netizens hoped that " this blue sky would be able to spend the summer through winter and make the four seasons of beijing 's skyline very blue . "
why do people in Beijing especially like to sun the blue sky ?
only because the people who lived in this city in the past suffered from fog and haze , they were particularly eager for the blue sky . after the " blue sky defense battle " was launched in beijing and the air quality was continuously improved , the haze became smaller and the blue sky increased . the people looked at the matter with joy in their hearts , and the happiness they gained was even greater .
it was fine in Beijing on National Day .
at 8 : 00 a.m . , the vast majority of the city 's 35 air quality monitoring stations showed " grade 1 excellence " in green .
the spontaneous &quot; Blue Skies &quot; themed photography contest on social platforms continues .
why is the sky so blue in Beijing recently ?
in August , the average concentration of fine particles ( PM2.5 ) in Beijing was 35 ug / m3 , the best in nearly five years , according to the head of the Beijing Environmental Protection Bureau .
the real @-@ time concentration of PM2.5 in September was even more frequent in single digits .
a major factor in the emergence of the " blue sky " lies in the overall favorable weather conditions in the recent period . more importantly , beijing has persistently carried out air pollution control , vigorously promoted the clean air action plan over the past five years , and continuously released environmental benefits , thus reducing the total amount of pollutants emitted in the region . all these have laid the foundation for a sustained improvement in air quality .
the Beijing Clean Air Action Plan 2013 @-@ 2017 was officially launched and implemented in Beijing in 2013 .
under the plan , officials continued to guide non @-@ capital functional decontamination , promote clean energy substitution and pollution abatement , and phase out 4,923 coal @-@ fired boilers .
as a result , beijing has become the first big city in mainland china to realize full natural gas network .
data show that between 2013 and 2017 , the annual average concentration of PM2.5 in Beijing decreased by 35.6 per cent ; the number of days the air quality met the target increased by 50 ; the number of days of first @-@ degree excellence increased by 25 ; and the total number of days of heavy pollution decreased by 35 , with a significant decrease in the incidence of heavy pollution .
while the air quality continues to improve , beijing authorities announced in september this year , based on a new round of analysis of PM2.5 sources , the " beijing three - year action plan for winning the blue sky defense battle , " focusing on the key prevention and control areas such as diesel trucks , dust removal , and volatile organic matter management , optimizing the structure of transportation , the industrial structure , the energy structure , and the land structure , stepping up regional joint defense control , making efforts to strengthen the fine management of urban areas , comprehensively promoting green development , and striving to make the " beijing municipality 's " no longer have its main body " as the most valuable " and the main body .
during this year 's national day golden week , relevant departments , such as the city tourism commission , industry and commerce , city management , and public security , will step up law enforcement inspections of the " one - day tour " market , focusing on the " six black spots " of tourism , and those who violate the law will be given heavier and more severe penalties in accordance with the law .
yesterday morning , the city government held a special meeting to crack down on illegal " one - day trips " and made plans for a special campaign to crack down on illegal " one - day trips . "
it was revealed at the meeting that focusing on the " six black " disorder in which black tickets , black guides , black societies , black cars , black shops , and black networks ' chain of interests intertwined , this city has launched a special campaign to crack down on illegal " one - day trips " since 28 july .
since the launch of the special campaign , the city has received 39 complaints about the " one - day trip , " a decrease of 63 percent over the same period last year . since the beginning of this year , the city has received 270 complaints about the " one - day trip , " a decrease of 62 percent over the same period last year .
in the past two months , the city has seized 248 " black cars , " investigated and punished 158 cases of violation of regulations governing passenger travel , closed down 29 " black shops " and performing arts venues , investigated and punished 13 " black societies " and 27 " black guides , " confiscated 26,000 illegal advertisements , dismantled 31 illegal " one - day tour " billboards , and dealt with 1,789 fake public transport station plates .
through rectification , the chaotic situation of illegal " one - day trips " has been basically checked , and the market order of " one - day trips " has shown a stable and positive trend .
it has been learned that in recent years , this city has constantly intensified the rectification of illegal " one - day tours . "
in 2016 and 2017 , the city tourism commission received 1,612 and 897 complaints about " one - day trips , " a decrease of 79 percent and 44 percent , respectively , over the same period of last year . however , illegal " one - day trips " continued to strike many blows , frequently rebounding , and forming a " six - black " confusion in which the chain of interests , such as black tickets , black guides , black societies , black cars , black shops , and black networks , were intertwined .
in particular , street illegal visitors are known as &quot; black ticket holders , &quot; illegal websites that publish false travel information , &quot; black nets , &quot; travel agencies engaged in illegal &quot; one @-@ day trips &quot; or unqualified organizations or individuals operated by travel agencies , namely &quot; black clubs , &quot; &quot; black guides &quot; hired by &quot; black clubs &quot; who do not have a tourist pass or practice in violation of regulations , &quot; black guides , &quot; vehicles used by them that do not have tourist qualifications or black cars that provide passenger transport services for illegal &quot; one @-@ day trips , &quot; will eventually be brought into the shops . &quot;
during this special operation , the city has continuously stepped up fixed - type inspections and mobile inspections of illegal " one - day trips . " in view of the frequent occurrence of illegal " one - day trips " and the high impact of such illegal " one - day trips " on tourist routes , the departments concerned have sent secretly visiting teams to secretly visit the places . they have discovered evidence of violations of the law and regulations and severely investigated and punished the cases according to law .
among them , " black cars " and " black shops " have become two key points in the special campaign .
it has been learned that without black cars , illegal " one - day trips " cannot take place . black cars are easy to find , remember , and investigate , and are also fixed assets with relatively high individual value .
the relevant departments have used road traffic monitoring probes to increase supervision and control over the major " one - day tour " routes , and the " black cars " can be discovered and dealt with in a timely manner by means of technological intelligence , such as technical defense and material defense .
because of the small number of tourist shopping " black shops , " they operate on land , and have also become the focal points of the crackdown .
in order to strengthen the deterrence and crackdown on illegal " one - day trips , " all functional departments shall , in accordance with the law , mete out heavier and more severe punishments to those found guilty of violating the law and regulations during the special operations .
in august this year , this city also held a seminar on legal issues related to cracking down on illegal " one - day trips , " and discussed measures for combining administrative punishment with conviction .
according to the municipal tourism commission , more regular travel agencies will be encouraged to carry out " one - day tours " in beijing in the future , and the supply of regular " one - day tours " will be increased in order to further squeeze up the space for illegal " one - day tours . " specific plans are still under study .
in addition , the City Tourist Committee constantly improves the Tourist Tourist Tourist Tourist Tourist Tourist Tourist Tourist List Information System to ensure that each team is included in the monitoring of the e @-@ Tourist Tourist Tourist List Platform .
from a tourist symbol to a digital economy symbol , what has been the experience of Wuzhen these years
as the permanent venue of the world internet congress , Wuzhen has drawn attention to how to take over the dividends of the summit .
in the five years since the first world internet congress , the changes in Wuzhen have become apparent to all .
in 2014 , there were only 12 companies in the town with links to the digital economy and the Internet , and by the third quarter of this year there were more than 500 .
this is a microcosm of the development of the digital economy in Wuzhen .
the holding of the internet conference has enabled local enterprises to accept the digital economy at zero distance , inspired by the wave of digitization , and aroused a strong desire for enterprise transformation and upgrading . traditional manufacturers have increased their input and research and development in areas such as machine exchange and intelligent management .
Jiang Wei , secretary of the party committee of Wuzhen , said that Wuzhen will build a new economic empowerment center in the future .
the development of the digital economy cannot do without the support of infrastructure .
this year , Wuzhen launched a 5G pilot project based on the implementation of a 4G communications network and free WiFi coverage .
at the same time , the town of Tongxiang , where Wuzhen is located , as the first county - level city in the country to build a special channel for international internet data , has also become a hot land for the development of the internet industry .
since the first world internet conference , Tongxiang has introduced 565 projects in the digital economy , with a total planned investment of 37.725 billion yuan . in the first three quarters of this year , the total output value of the core manufacturing industry in the digital economy was expected to reach 8.73 billion yuan , an increase of 13 percent over the same period last year .
&quot; formerly Wuzhen was a tourist symbol , and later more drama and cultural symbols . because of the Internet Congress , it is now the symbol of the Internet and the digital economy . &quot;
Sheng yung - jun , secretary of the tongxiang city CPC committee , believes that the dividends of the world internet congress have accumulated over time , so it is even more necessary to build a platform to undertake the superposition and import of talent , projects , technology , and other elements from all sides .
Tongxiang Shen Yi work abroad for 20 years , due to the Internet congregation , return home to start a business .
on 2 december last year , he entered the fourth internet light fair with high - capacity anti - tampering digital technology solutions , and was favored by many customers .
Shen Yi chose to start her own business in Wuzhen not only because of her hometown complex , " in Wuzhen , it is easier to recruit people than i imagined , our application also landed very quickly , and there is our application in Wuzhen 's intelligent parking project . "
a Wuzhen Road , showing the spillover effect of the Internet Congress .
this road that runs through the north and south of Tongxiang is not only a series of tourist attractions but also an industrial road .
with it as the basis , Wuzhendao Kocheng agglomeration area emerged .
this reporter has learned that in the future , Wuzhen road will become the main front for the development of Tongxiang 's industry , taking the lead in applying the achievements of wisdom and medical treatment , wisdom and old - age support , and wisdom and administrative affairs in large numbers , and gathering together 80 percent of the entire city 's gdp industry and many high - level talent .
tsunami killed at least 410 people in indonesia
according to the director of the Indonesian police 's public information bureau in Jakarta on the evening of the 29 th , the earthquake in central Sulawesi province has killed 410 people , 97 of whom have been identified .
twenty @-@ nine others disappeared and 540 were injured .
Palu airport is still closed .
active treatment , China 29 weeks and above premature survival rate reached 98 % , has reached the level of developed countries .
chinanews , Shanghai , september 30 ( Chen jing and Luo yanqian ) the state children 's medical center and the pediatric hospital attached to Fudan university disclosed on the 30th that they have introduced advanced Canadian methods into the " china NICU project for improving the prognostic quality of premature babies in hospital . "
the results of the project show that after active treatment , the survival rate of premature babies aged 29 weeks and over in China has reached 98 per cent , reaching the level of developed countries , but there is still much room for improvement in the survival rate of very young premature and premature babies without complications .
for nearly 20 years , the Chinese government has been paying attention to the treatment of newborns .
at present , the infant mortality rate in the Shanghai region has dropped to 3.71 per thousand , significantly lower than the national average , and reaching the advanced level in developed countries .
through four years of unremitting efforts , the &quot; Chinese NICU project to improve the prognostic quality of premature babies in hospital &quot; has greatly improved the quality of life of premature babies .
Professor cao yun , director of the neonatal intensive care unit ( NICU ) of Fudan university 's pediatric hospital , told this reporter : while raising the survival rate of premature babies , paying attention to reducing the quality of survival of premature babies , reducing the incidence of complications , improving the prognosis of neurodevelopment , and improving the overall outcome of sick children are of great significance to improving the overall quality of life and population of premature babies . they are also important issues of concern to the pediatric and neonatal science circles at home and abroad . at the same time , they are also the key issues of concern to this project .
through four years of unremitting efforts to include tens of thousands of premature babies aged 33 weeks or less , the NICU project has led to a 1 / 3 drop in the mortality rate of infants and premature babies with low birth weight in China , and a significant decrease in the incidence of serious complications among premature babies , which has greatly improved the quality of life of premature babies .
through the establishment of a national network for the improvement of the quality of newborns , the project introduced the concept of cooperative quality improvement , radiated 25 cooperative hospitals throughout China , and set up a set of coordinated , comprehensive , systematic and effective methods for improving the prognosis of premature babies and raising the level of treatment of newborns .
Fudan University &apos;s Pediatric Hospital is working with the National Neonatal Unit to develop guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections , based on the project &apos;s accumulated experience , in order to provide reference and guidance for the standardized diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections in China .
it has been learned that in the " project to improve the prognostic quality of premature babies in china , " the pediatric hospital introduced the EPIQ method into 25 large - scale NICUs in 19 provinces across the country , and worked to solve the problem of premature infant infections that plague china 's neonatal care units .
after more than a decade of continuous improvement , Canada &apos;s national survival rate for premature babies has risen by about a third , and Canada is now one of the most prognostic countries in the world .
the EPIQ method has now been applied across Canada to all NICUs and has been adopted in six countries .
two years after the EPIQ intervention , preterm infections fell by 35 percent , while antibiotic use fell by 20 percent , Pediatric Hospital said .
in the future , the Pediatric Hospital attached to Fudan University will continue to popularize and implement the methodology nationwide , with a view to comprehensively reducing the incidence of all complications in premature babies and improving the quality of care for newborns throughout the country .
at present , it is an indisputable fact that there are differences and inequalities in the level of treatment in all parts of China .
according to professor cao yun , as an important construction unit of the national children 's medical center , the pediatric hospital will play a leading role in radiation . this study covers many western provinces , including Xinjiang , Guizhou , Gansu , and Shaanxi , with a view to gradually promoting homogenization and standardization of neonatal treatment throughout the country .
it has been learned that the pediatric hospital affiliated to Fudan university is uniting with the national neonatal force to draw up guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections based on the accumulated experience of the project , so as to provide reference and guidance for the standardized diagnosis and treatment of neonatal infections in china .
according to sources , in 2019 , the china neonatal cooperative network , which is located at the pediatric hospital affiliated with Fudan university , will carry out the next stage of national quality improvement in association with 63 hospitals across the country , with a view to promoting the uniform development of china 's neonatal treatment level .
Wu jinglei , director of the Shanghai municipal health and family planning committee , said : Shanghai can become a central city in asia not only because of research , but also because the construction of the entire service system , the quality of the service , and the results of the service should have a place in asia so as to truly reflect china 's medical level .
Xin Yiping : erect the &quot; Hero Monument &quot; in your heart - written on the fifth martyr &apos;s day .
on 30 september , on the eve of the 69 - year - old birthday of the republic , we ushered in the fifth anniversary of the martyrs . Xi Jinping and other party and state leaders came to Tiananmen square to attend a flower basket presentation ceremony for the people 's heroes .
at this moment , wherever you are , please pay tribute to the heroes .
Memorial Day , is the recollection , but also awakens .
turning over the heavy history , behind the names of every martyr is a living life .
they also have fiery youth , sincere love , and concerned family members .
however , because they firmly believe that &quot; the doctrine we believe in is the truth of the universe , &quot; they are willing to sacrifice everything they have in order to &quot; save the next generation from suffering . &quot;
" as long as i live , i will cry out for china . "
passing through time and space , the heroes erected a spiritual signpost to guide the way forward .
where do you come from and where do you go ? what kind of people do you come from ? what kind of people do you come from ?
in memory of the heroes , the most important thing is to erect a " heroic monument " in the mind .
according to incomplete statistics , since the revolutionary war years , some 20 million martyrs have sacrificed their lives for national independence , people 's liberation , and the country 's prosperity and strength .
for various reasons , many martyrs did not even leave their names .
countless heroes watered their ideals with blood , practiced their faith with their lives , remembered their names , and passed on their spirits , that is , guarding the roots and souls of the nation .
this &quot; Heroic Monument &quot; cannot be defiled or destroyed .
for some time , historical nihilism , pan - entertainment and other surges .
all kinds of practices that distort history , demean heroes , challenge the conscience of justice , misjudge value judgments , and arouse the public indignation and vigilance of the whole society .
heroes must not be desecrated , heroes must not forget .
we must not allow ourselves to touch the bottom line . we must dare to light our swords and defend the dignity of our heroes with justice and the rule of law .
on 1 may this year , the heroic martyrs protection law came into effect .
judging from judicial practice , the verdicts in some cases are very heartening , effectively safeguarding the glorious image of the heroes in accordance with the law , and releasing positive energy to worship heroes and admire martyrs .
an aspiring people cannot be without heroes , and an ideal country cannot be without pioneers .
remembering the martyrs and calling for heroes have become a common social consensus .
at present , there are over one million memorial facilities of various kinds throughout the country , and more than 100 million people visit and admire martyrs ' mausoleum every year .
the heart is the strongest foundation .
this will make it possible for heroes to be worshipped , heroes to be defended , heroes to learn , heroes to care for , heroes to be brought into the blood of the nation , and a " monument to heroes " will be erected between heaven and earth and deep in the hearts of the people .
Brussels ( Reuters ) - The European Union took a non @-@ confrontational stance on Italy on Friday , following Italy &apos;s defiance of European Union demands to surprise markets with a massive budget deficit plan , but may take a more aggressive stance if Italy insists on too ambitious a goal .
Italy &apos;s skeptical government aims to run a budget deficit equivalent to 2.4 per cent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) over the next three years , suggesting that there has been no debt reduction despite the need to reduce the deficit .
" we have no interest in the crisis between the commission and italy , " said eu executive committee on economic affairs mos corvisi on friday , and he reacted cautiously because eu proposals and sanctions may have little impact on italy .
EU officials and diplomats remain hopeful that market forces will persuade Italy to adjust its budget plan before it is formally presented to the European Commission in mid @-@ October .
after the government announced its plans , the euro fell to its lowest level in nearly two weeks on Friday , and Italian bond yields hit their highest level in three weeks .
if the deficit target remains unchanged until the October deadline , the European Commission may veto Italy &apos;s draft budget , something it has never done to any country .
Italy &apos;s current fiscal plan &quot; does not seem to be in line with the Stability and Growth Pact , &quot; European Commission Vice @-@ President Dumblovsky told a meeting in the Latvian capital Riga later Friday , referring to EU fiscal rules .
but he did not say how this would trigger a reaction from the European Union .
tenderers may submit their applications for the open tender before october 26 this year .
before that , russia 's ministry of agriculture regarded china as one of russia 's priority markets for agricultural exports .
the russian agricultural supervision bureau announced in may that russia 's grain exports to china this agricultural year exceeded one million tons for the first time , setting a new record .
the agency predicts that China may be among the top 10 Russian food importers .
chinanews , Sapporo , september 30 , china 's women 's volleyball team defeated turkey again by 3 : 0 on the 30th after winning Cuba 's first game at 3 : 0 , reaping two consecutive victories in the world championships in 2018 .
but compared with the first battle , the Chinese women &apos;s volleyball team this battle is more difficult .
a total of 24 teams participated in the 2018 Women &apos;s Volleyball World Championships , while the Chinese Women &apos;s Volleyball Association joined Italy , Turkey , Bulgaria , Canada and Cuba in Group B.
Turkey and italy are china 's main rivals in terms of their world rankings and overall strength .
after the start of the game , the chinese team entered the game relatively quickly and gained the lead at the beginning . it maintained its superiority throughout the game , putting pressure on its opponents in serving and blocking the net , and winning the first game relatively smoothly at 25 : 18 .
the turkey team , which entered the second set , played fiercely and led by 6 : 2 at the beginning . the chinese team asked for a break and adjusted its form . the chinese team gradually chased the score to 7 : 00 and then repeatedly stopped scoring 7 : 0 . the turkish team chased the score to 15 : 19 at the end of the game . the chinese team chased the 2 : 2 company after winning the 24 : 20 .
the situation in the third set was very sticky , with the score rising alternately to 19 .
the turkey team made a mistake at the crucial moment . after the chinese team took the lead by 21 : 19 , it also won the 24 : 21 match with zhu ting 's strong deduction and Zhang changning 's attack . the turkish team then chased the score to 23 : 24 . after the chinese team requested a suspension , Zhang changning scored the offensive goal , and the chinese team locked the victory by 25 : 23 .
Chinese women &apos;s volleyball coach Lang Ping admitted after the game , the whole game is not easy .
&quot; we are better prepared , we have a good net , the Turkish team is more comprehensive , and we must reduce our mistakes and strive to win through our own initiative , &quot; he said .
Ju Ting , who played for Turkey &apos;s Wakiver Bank team in the face of a familiar teammate , was restricted in the first game of the day , then she took the initiative to change , and continued to play a strong offensive .
" we are very familiar with each other , and it is normal for the chinese team to keep an eye on each other , but the chinese team has played extremely well in intercepting the nets and attacking in case of miscommunication . "
China &apos;s women &apos;s volleyball team will be on a one @-@ day truce for physical and technical training , and on Oct. 2 will play Canada , the third opponent in the group match .
chinanews network hengshui , september 30 ( Cui zhiping , Wang peng ) on the 30th , Hebei hengshui high - tech zone held a concentrated opening ceremony for key projects in the second half of 2018 .
the six projects started on that day with a total investment of 4.29 billion yuan .
on that day , the Hengshui City Party Committee Standing Committee , Vice Mayor Yang Shikun announced the commencement of work .
according to Yao xinghui , director of the Hebei Hengshui high - tech district management committee , the six projects with a total investment of 4.29 - billion yuan started today are all industrial projects . they include the transformation and upgrading of traditional industries , as well as the cultivation and introduction of new industries , and cover many industries such as civil - military integration , cloud factories , food , medicine , and chemical industry . the projects have a high scientific and technological content , industrial levels , and the added value of products .
it is believed that the construction and commissioning of this batch of projects will inject a powerful driving force into the realization of the goal of " building a 100 - billion - yuan - grade industrial park and striving to create a national - level high - tech zone " in advance .
Yang shikun , member of the standing committee of the Hengshui city CPC committee and vice mayor , announced the start of the project .
Yao said that the region has successfully launched a series of major activities , including the china hengshui international life science summit and the great health industry development forum , the high - end equipment industry hengshui summit of academicians of the chinese academy of sciences , and the " double coordination " innovation forum between 2018 hengshui and Tianjin , to vigorously develop the three major strategic and emerging industries of new materials , energy , great health , and high - end equipment manufacturing .
the China @-@ US stem cell project will be officially launched by the end of the year .
China vanadium titanium system project 10,000 @-@ ton pilot base , the first domestic , the world &apos;s largest megawatt supercritical carbon dioxide compressor experimental platform began construction .
the advanced super computing center of hongan ( Hengshui ) , which ranks among the top 10 in the world , has been approved and built by provinces and cities .
Yao said that by the end of this year , the region will have completed 240,000 square meters of science and technology valley ii , including three research and development bases and exhibition centers for digital information , new energy materials , and life and health .
we will actively build the " chinese academy of science and technology + " innovation model " and the " one platform and one base of the two houses , " and promote the integration and innovation of scientific and technological achievements through multidisciplinary intersection , multi - unit cooperation , and multi - industry integration .
nearly 1,000 state - owned scenic spots cut ticket prices by more than 20 percent
&#91; abstract &#93; As of September 28 , 981 scenic spots ( 74 free @-@ of @-@ charge and 907 lower prices ) had been opened or announced to the public in various localities , while Shilin , Dali Santa , Yulong Xueshan , Guilin Li River in Guangxi , Wuyi Mountain in Fujian , Zhang Jiajie in Hunan , Terracotta warriors &apos; terracotta in Shaanxi , Sanqing Mountain in Jiangxi and Kanas in Xinjiang had all been reduced .
in order to implement the central economic work conference and the " government work report " policy decisions and arrangements , the state development and reform commission issued on 28 june the " guidance on perfecting the ticket price formation mechanism for state - owned scenic spots to reduce ticket prices for key state - owned scenic spots " ( hereinafter referred to as the guidance ) , calling for perfecting the ticket price formation mechanism for state - owned scenic spots in terms of rationally defining the cost composition of ticket pricing , innovating the way of price management , and strictly carrying out the pricing procedures , so as to ensure that the key state - owned scenic spots with high prices will achieve marked results by the end of september .
all localities have actively carried out work in accordance with the requirements for deployment , and have successively lowered the ticket prices for a number of key state - owned scenic spots .
as of 28 september , various localities had promulgated measures to open or reduce prices for 981 scenic spots ( 74 free and 907 reduced ) , of which 159 were scenic spots at level 5A and 534 were scenic spots at level 4A , making a total of 693 , or 70.6 percent .
of the 907 scenic spots , 491 , or 54.3 per cent , fell by more than 20 per cent or 214 , or 23.6 per cent , by more than 30 per cent .
Yunnan , Shandong , Guangxi , Shaanxi and other provinces reduced the number of scenic spots more , among which Yunnan reduced the number of scenic spots more than 100 , an overall decline of more than 30 per cent .
Anhui , Chongqing and other eight provinces ( districts , municipalities ) government pricing level 5A scenic spots to achieve price reductions .
Yunnan 's shilin , Dali 's three towers , yulong xueshan , Guangxi 's Guilin li river , Fujian 's Wuyi mountain , Hunan 's zhangjiajie , Shaanxi 's terracotta warriors and horses , Jiangxi 's sanqing mountain , and Xinjiang 's Kanas , all have all implemented price reductions .
the gradual return of ticket prices to reasonable ranges in key state - owned scenic areas will be conducive to accelerating the transformation of the tourism industry from a ticket economy to an industrial economy , from small - scale tourism to mass tourism , and from scenic spots to whole - region tourism , to forming a benign circle of optimizing the supply structure of the tourism industry and steadily expanding the demand for tourism consumption , and to promoting the sustained and healthy development of the scenic areas and the tourism industry .
at the same time , the state development and reform commission stressed that all localities should strengthen the regulation of price order in scenic spots , guide scenic spots to upgrade their services , and ensure that prices are not lowered .
in addition , the state development and reform commission has carried out special inspections of the recent media reports that the ticket prices in some scenic spots have dropped too little and that the prices have not decreased in real terms . the state development and reform commission has urged all localities to deal with the matter seriously , promptly respond to the concerns of the society , and earnestly put the price reduction into effect .
HKTDC conducts short- , medium- and long @-@ term optimization work in an orderly manner
the Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Bureau has submitted reports on the short- , medium- and long @-@ term optimization of the work on &quot; major investment migrants &quot; and &quot; skilled migrants . &quot; in addition to stepping up the promotion and implementation of the work contained in the reports , the Macao Trade and Investment Promotion Bureau has been constantly listening to public opinions and continuously optimizing the contents of the reports and related work .
the TDC will brief various sectors of the community on the relevant optimization work as soon as possible .
of these , five are short @-@ term measures implemented within this year ; five are medium @-@ term measures implemented within 2019 ; and one is long @-@ term measures .
in accordance with the instructions given by the economic and financial secretary , mr andrew Leung , the TDC also conducted a comprehensive review of its internal management system .
the five short - term measures introduced this year include :
1 . carry out follow @-@ up work . give priority to cases which are about to expire for seven years , those mentioned in the ICAC report and those which have been renewed . if there is evidence of misconduct or breach of the law , the case will be referred to the relevant judicial authorities for follow @-@ up action ;
2 . on @-@ site inspections of projects involving &quot; major investment migrants . &quot; by late September , more than 20 investment projects had been inspected ;
3 . to conduct a comprehensive review of the current assessment system . the six principles for the analysis of investment projects have been reformulated in assessing applications for &quot; major investment migrants . &quot; in assessing applications for &quot; technical migrants , &quot; the examination and approval mechanism will be improved by clearly defining the elements conducive to the development of the Macao Special Administrative Region and the conditions for preferential recruitment of talent . a list of &quot; ten types of jobs in five industries &quot; has also been drawn up to tie in with the administrative direction of the HKSAR Government ;
4 . increasing transparency of information , including plans to gradually promulgate the approval criteria , grading criteria and weights , and to further refine and make public the approval data from the fourth quarter of this year ;
5 . with regard to the refinement of the validation mechanism , prior verification of work in Australia has been required ; significant investments are required to be audited on @-@ site and financial statements submitted .
the five medium @-@ term measures implemented in 2019 include :
1 . setting up a mechanism to listen regularly to the views of the Talent Development Committee and the Economic Development Committee . a working meeting was held with the Economic Development Committee in September to discuss the establishment of such a mechanism .
2 . requires the applicant to submit an annual financial statement prepared by an independent third party in order to keep the operation of the investment project under review ;
3 . further standardize and electronic the processing of case applications and approvals in order to reduce human error ;
4 . a comprehensive review of the current staffing establishment to facilitate the implementation of a number of optimization measures ;
5 . intensifying the study on the revision of the Temporary Residence System for Investors , Managers and Specially Qualified Technicians .
with regard to long @-@ term measures , it is expected that the drafting of the relevant legislation will commence in the first half of 2019 , with a view to completing it as soon as possible , further clarifying the criteria for approving temporary residence permits , the review mechanism and the confirmation mechanism , and adding an investigation function to the TDC in order to more accurately examine and supervise applications for temporary residence permits .
experts from china 's film - free cotton field observation and discussion activities walked into the experimental fields and listened to a briefing by a representative of the chinese academy of engineering 's yu shuxun academician team .
Xinhua news agency , shaya , Xinjiang , september 30 ( Geng dandan Wang xiaojun ) - the experimental base for the cultivation of non-membrane cotton in shaya county , Xinjiang , has been enjoying a happy growth . compared with the ground - film cotton nearby , " it is no less beautiful " and clusters of snow - white cotton are competing to " open up " and are full of branches .
from 27 to 28 september , the national on - site observation and discussion and exchange activities on film - free cotton were held in Saya county , Xinjiang .
at the meeting , the reporter learned that the membrane - free cotton technology system , with " china cotton 619 " as the main body and its supporting cultivation measures , has preliminarily realized the goal of no - film cultivation in cotton fields , reduced the pollution of the ecological environment and raw cotton by the residue of Xinjiang cotton fields , and made great progress in the study and demonstration of comprehensive cotton - free cotton technology .
Yu shuxun , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , noted cotton genetic breeder , and chief scientist of the national modern agricultural technology system , briefed Zhou guomao , secretary of the party committee of Zhejiang university of agriculture and forestry , on the growth of film - free cotton .
" the comprehensive technology we have developed for cotton without film can completely realize cotton cultivation without film , can completely solve the problem of pollution caused by residual film , and can realize green cotton planting . "
Yu shuxun , academician of the chinese academy of engineering .
Xinjiang is the most important cotton @-@ producing region in China , with 35 million mu of cotton planted in 2017 , accounting for 61 per cent of the country &apos;s cotton area , according to the National Bureau of Statistics .
since the introduction of the land film into china in 1982 , all kinds of crops in Xinjiang have covered an area of more than 50 million mu and used about 300,000 tons of land film annually .
among them , the coverage rate of cotton film reaches 100 % , and the coated cotton field accounts for about 60 % of Xinjiang film usage .
the production of film - less cotton can be measured and the yield of cotton can be 320 kg to 350 kg per mu .
with the increasing input of Xinjiang film , the low recovery rate of residual film , the increasing amount of residue in soil and the destruction of soil structure caused by residue film have seriously affected the sustainable development of agriculture .
residues not only cause serious soil pollution , but also have a great impact on cotton fiber quality .
at present , more than one - third of Xinjiang 's cotton fields have been mechanized .
in 2017 , Xinjiang will have an area of about 14 million mu of mechanized cotton .
in the course of harvesting machine - made cotton , it is difficult to remove the shredded film from the surface of a large number of cotton plants and the shredded film doped in raw cotton during the processing of raw cotton , nor can it be completely removed during the subsequent processing of textile products , seriously affecting the quality of textile products .
on 28 september , a nationwide on - the - spot observation and discussion and exchange activity on film - free cotton was held in Sayya county , Xinjiang .
Yu shuxun led his team through eight years to implement the " china cotton 619 " film - free cotton technology to " add wings " to Xinjiang 's agricultural green development in an effort to tackle the pollution of cotton fields , simplify cotton planting technology , and improve cotton field efficiency .
Yu shuxun introduced that through innovative breeding methods , a new strain of land - based cotton , " middle cotton 619 , " which is particularly precocious , salt - resistant , low temperature - resistant , and abundant , has been developed .
" under the condition of no - film cultivation in southern Xinjiang , the " middle cotton 619 " has realized a series of supporting measures , such as mechanical support for no - film seeding , improvement in seeding depth , shallow burial of drip tubes under no - film conditions , suitable screening for seeding density , and rational chemical control . "
at present , demonstration bases for film - free cotton have been set up in Aksu , Kurl , Alar , and other places , with a yield of 4,800 kg per hectare .
film - free cotton cultivation , achieve bumper production , cost - saving , environmental protection , comprehensive benefits .
Zhang donghai , an agronomist at the agricultural institute of the third division of the Xinjiang production and construction corps , said : through the research and demonstration of membrane - free cotton cultivation technology in the past six years , the output of cotton seeds without film can completely realize 320 kg to 350 kg per mu , or even higher .
&quot; the promotion of film @-@ free cotton cultivation technology is very promising . &quot;
Zhang donghai believes that at present , membrane - free cotton cultivation technology can completely solve the problem of soil residue pollution , but there is still a certain gap between the economic benefits and the land film cultivation .
" the support of cotton purchase prices will be conducive to future popularization . "
Yu shuxun said : in the next step , he and his team will continue to carry out in - depth study and widespread application of film - free cotton , make the industry of film - free cotton stronger , and thoroughly solve the problem of soil pollution caused by the earth 's film .
Guangdong navy , air force respond positively to national day golden week transportation - china new zealand network
on 29 September , the seventh day of the commissioning of the Hong Kong section of the High Speed Railway and the first weekend of its opening , the West Kowloon Station was crowded with people .
as the national day golden week ( 1 - 7 october ) is approaching , this reporter has learned from relevant departments in the past few days that Guangdong railway , air , water , highway , and other transportation departments have actively planned and increased transportation capacity , promulgated various safeguard measures , and made every effort to ensure the safe and orderly transportation of passengers within the borders during the golden week .
during this year 's national day golden week , the Guangzhou railway group is expected to carry 17.8 million passengers , an increase of 1.505 million , or 9.2 percent , over the same period last year , according to china railway Guangzhou bureau group limited ( " Guangzhou iron group " ) .
to meet passenger demand , the Guangzhou railway group plans to increase the number of high - speed trains by 104 and the speed trains by 85 , mainly focusing on popular lines such as beijing , Guangzhou , Shanghai , Shenzhen , and Hangzhou - Shenzhen high - speed railways .
Guangzhou baiyun airport may become the busiest airport in the mainland during this year 's national day golden week , with an estimated passenger throughput of over 1.4 million and more than 9,200 flights .
with more and more international routes , the airport expects a sharp increase in international passenger traffic to be a prominent feature of this year &apos;s Golden Week holiday .
it has been learned that Singapore , bangkok , Phuket island , Jakarta , colombo , Maldives , manila , and other places are all popular cities for this year 's national day holidays . tourism in Kathmandu , kuala Lumpur , Bali , and other popular places also continue to flourish , and some flights are " hard to get one ticket . "
some airlines have particularly increased their operations , such as Shenzhen Airlines adding one Guangzhou @-@ Hanoi flight per day , Iran &apos;s Mahan Airlines adding one Guangzhou @-@ Tehran flight per Saturday , and Vietnam &apos;s Vietnam @-@ Vietnam Airways adding one Guangzhou @-@ Hanoi flight per Tuesday and Thursday .
in order to do a good job in providing holiday support , Baiyun airport has strengthened its support for key posts , such as " seat allocation , " " baggage support , " " on - duty service , " " passenger security inspection , " and made preparations for the handling of large - scale flight delays .
according to china southern airlines , flights to australia , new zealand , north america , japan , and south korea on this year 's national day golden week are very hot , and flights to mainland china 's tourist destinations , such as Hainan , Chengdu , luzhou , jiuhua shan , Anshan , and huangshan , are also quite popular .
Southern Airways plans to add 50 flights during the Golden Week , including 10 flights to and from Chiang Mai in Guangzhou .
according to the Guangdong maritime administration , before the festival , it conducted a rigorous investigation on key vessels such as water tourist boats , passenger ferries in the qiongzhou strait , high - speed passenger boats in the pearl river estuary , and ferry boats to ensure the stability of the water traffic situation during the long holidays .
during the golden week , Guangdong province is expected to rank first in china in terms of traffic volume .
Guangdong traffic group recently issued a holiday highway travel guidelines , highway traffic is expected to grow by about 12 % .
the General Administration of Market Supervision recently issued the &quot; Notice on Strengthening Market Price Supervision during the Mid @-@ Autumn Festival National Day in 2018 , &quot; which calls for tightening supervision over housing rental and real estate prices , sternly rectifying collusion in rental prices , hoarding of rental housing sources , fabrication of false information to inflate rents , arbitrary collection of fees by means of bundling services , publication of misleading price information and failure to mark prices .
the circular made it clear that we should strengthen the early warning of price monitoring and pay close attention to market price developments .
all localities should pay close attention to the daily necessities of high - consumption grain , oil , meat , poultry , eggs , vegetable , milk , and salt , as well as the changes in the market and prices of local residents ' holiday consumer goods , and step up price monitoring and analysis and early warning .
once the trend of market fluctuation is discovered , the problem of seedling is solved in a timely manner and effective measures are taken .
it is necessary to strengthen supervision and inspection of the wholesale and retail links of daily necessities , increase the frequency of monitoring and supervision of places closely related to the daily consumption of the masses , such as the merchant supermarkets and the agricultural and trade markets , and urge operators to abide by the law and run honestly .
the circular points out that it is necessary to strengthen inspection in key areas , create a favorable environment for holiday consumption , strengthen the supervision and control of ticket prices in state - owned scenic areas , and lay stress on investigating and punishing illegal activities in state - owned scenic areas , such as failing to implement the price levels or floating ranges set by the government , arbitrarily setting up additional fee items , raising ticket prices in disguised form of setting up " garden " tickets in violation of regulations , setting up large price discounts , binding sales , failing to mark prices in accordance with regulations , failing to carry out preferential measures , raising prices in addition to impose compulsory charges , and other illegal charges .
the circular calls for tightening supervision over the prices of basic necessities , especially agricultural products .
affected by seasonal changes , natural disasters , and sudden epidemics , the prices of agricultural products essential to life , such as vegetables and pork , have recently fluctuated in some areas .
all localities should , in light of local conditions , conscientiously strengthen market price supervision of agricultural and sideline products , cooperate with relevant departments in stabilizing production and market supply , and organize forces to carry out key market inspections and random spot checks .
we will increase the frequency of inspection of pork and other commodities with tight supplies and relatively high prices , and severely investigate and deal with illegal activities such as hoarding , raising prices , and colluding in raising prices .
the circular points out that it is necessary to strengthen price supervision in the areas of housing rental and real estate .
all localities should pay close attention to the price behavior of real estate enterprises , intermediary companies , and enterprises related to housing rental , strictly check the collusion of rent prices , hoard rental housing sources , fabricate false speculation and make false information about rent hikes , arbitrarily collect fees by means of bundling services , publish misleading price information , fail to mark prices , and other price violations , and step up inspection of the situation in selling hot - selling properties and real estate intermediary prices .
the circular mentions that all localities should conscientiously supervise the prices of other links in the tourism industry , make efforts to standardize the price order of such links as catering , lodging , shopping , sightseeing , entertainment , and parking , guide business operators to do a good job in publicizing the prices of specific codes and charges , and severely investigate and deal with all kinds of illegal pricing activities .
the circular says that it is necessary to step up inspection of highway , railway , civil aviation , water transportation and other transportation prices , and severely investigate and deal with illegal activities such as illegally raising prices , collecting extra prices , and failing to mark prices according to regulations .
implement the policy of &quot; Green Channel &quot; for the transportation of fresh agricultural products and exemption of minibus tolls on major holidays .
it is necessary to innovate the means and methods of supervision and control , strengthen the publicity of price laws and regulations for online and offline commodity retail enterprises and e - commerce platforms , urge operators to improve price promotion plans , and investigate and deal with such illegal activities as fictitious original prices , misleading price labels , and failure to fulfill price commitments according to law .
a total of 1.7 million passengers have been transported to and from Shanghai and hong kong since the 15 th anniversary of the Shanghai - hong kong train last week .
at the same time , passengers from hong kong and Macau will be allowed to pass customs clearance for no more than 15 seconds .
on 1 october 2003 , the state council approved the establishment of a temporary Shanghai - Kowloon express train port , and the Shanghai railway port is china 's first long - distance railway passenger port , marking the opening of Shanghai to the outside world with " three wings flying side by side " for water transport , aviation , and land .
up to now , Shanghai - hong kong train has been in operation for 15 years .
Shanghai - hong kong railway border inspection , which is charged with the task of crossing the border between Shanghai and hong kong , revealed on the 1 st that since the opening of the Shanghai - hong kong railway , the speed of trains in Shanghai and hong kong has been raised three times , and the one - way journey time has been shortened from the previous 30 hours to 19 hours ; the annual passenger flow has increased from less than 80,000 to more than 150,000 ; and in the past 15 years , the total number of passengers carrying passengers to and leaving Shanghai and hong kong has surpassed 1.7 million .
it has been learned that over the past 15 years , the Shanghai railway frontier inspection station and the Shanghai - Kowloon train station have signed a police coordination mechanism and dispatched police officers to carry out on - board supervision and control , thus realizing a total service and control coverage of 1,991 km .
in the past 15 years , the Shanghai railway border control station has cracked down on nearly 1,000 cases of various kinds of illegal and illegal activities , successfully cracking down on the cases of foreigners smuggling into china with false certificates and using others ' documents to replace them .
the station has also set up a work - to - work exchange mechanism with the JIU units , conducted regular drills of the railway port 's comprehensive anti - terrorism department , and joined forces to build a " three - level moat protection belt " at the railway port .
it has been learned that in the past 15 years , the Shanghai railway frontier inspection department has constantly innovated in service , and the speed of customs clearance has greatly increased .
the border post also set up a &quot; Jinglan &quot; volunteer service to provide loving help to the elderly , pregnant women and passengers carrying babies .
the reporter learned from the ministry of finance on the 30th that in order to further encourage foreign investors to invest in china , the four departments of the ministry of finance , the state administration of taxation , the state development and reform commission , and the ministry of commerce recently jointly issued a circular to extend the scope of application of the policy of withholding advance income tax from domestic direct investment to all projects and fields not prohibited from foreign investment .
this policy has been implemented since 1 January 2018 .
the circular makes it clear that the direct investment made by foreign investors with their share of profits includes the behavior of foreign investors with their share of profits in such equity investments as capital increase , new construction , and equity acquisition , but does not include the addition , transfer , or acquisition of shares of listed companies other than those that qualify for strategic investment .
if an overseas investor can enjoy the policy of withholding advance income tax for the time being , but does not actually enjoy it , he or she may , within three years from the date of actual payment of the relevant tax , apply for retroactive enjoyment of the policy and return the tax already paid .
in addition , after overseas investors enjoy the stipulated treatment of withholding advance income tax for the time being , those enterprises that meet the conditions for special reorganization and actually carry out tax treatment according to special reorganization may continue to enjoy the treatment of withholding advance income tax for the time being .
in order to ensure that the profits obtained by foreign investors are actually used for direct investment , the circular stipulates that if the profits used by foreign investors for direct investment are paid in cash , the relevant funds will be transferred directly from the account of the profit distribution enterprise to the account of the invested enterprise or the equity transferor , and the profits used by foreign investors for direct investment will not be turned around in other accounts inside or outside the country before direct investment .
the circular also requires tax authorities to strengthen follow @-@ up management in accordance with the law .
foreign investors have already enjoyed the policy of temporarily not levying pre - mentioned income tax . those who fail to meet the prescribed conditions after subsequent management and verification by the tax departments are regarded as foreign investors who have failed to file and pay enterprise income tax in accordance with the stipulations , and will be investigated according to law for the delayed payment of taxes , which will be calculated from the date when the relevant profits are paid .
the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) said Friday it would not allow imports of raw materials and preparations made with the company &apos;s raw materials from the Chinese pharmaceutical industry .
a drug previously produced by the Hua Hai pharmaceutical industry was recalled for containing a possible carcinogen .
the European Medical Agency said it was considering further action on other components of the plant &apos;s production .
the FDA said it found major production process problems during an FDA inspection of pharmaceutical plants in China &apos;s maritime industry and stopped importing them .
the FDA also said it would ban imports until the industry discovered how the impurities were produced and improved its quality @-@ control system .
" the company is taking positive and forceful measures to rectify the problems in this us - european official inspection , and is very surprised and regretful about the way the us - european official handling and handling of the matter has been handled , " the Huahai pharmaceutical industry said in a statement on its website on 29 september .
in the current complex market environment , the company is worried about this .
at present , the company is organizing teams , including professional lawyers , to communicate and lodge complaints with us and eu officials in accordance with relevant procedures in order to resume production as soon as possible . "
Shanghai ( Reuters ) - China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ) announced Friday night that the CSRC approved the initial application for China People &apos;s Insurance Group Co . , Ltd. in accordance with legal procedures .
but the SFC &apos;s official Weixin Public did not disclose the size of the IPO .
China People &apos;s Insurance Corp. submitted an application to the China Securities Regulatory Commission on Sept . 29 last year to issue up to 4.599 billion A @-@ shares and plan to list them on the Shanghai Stock Exchange .
according to prior disclosures published by the securities regulatory commission , the number of companies applying to issue new shares this time does not exceed 9.78 percent of the total share capital after listing , and does not include any shares that may be issued under the overallotment option .
the money raised will be used to replenish the company &apos;s capital .
on 9 april this year , the securities regulatory commission announced the prospectus of the chinese people 's insurance company ( draft declaration ) .
the prospectus shows that prior to the issuance of A shares , China People &apos;s Insurance Corporation had a total share capital of 42.424 billion shares . assuming that the A shares of 4.599 billion shares were issued without exercising the option of overallotment , A shares would not exceed 47.023 billion shares , of which A shares would not exceed 38.296 billion shares and H shares would be 8.726 billion shares .
June 5 China People &apos;s Insurance IPO application through the Development Committee .
as at 31 December 2017 , the Ministry of Finance held 70.47 per cent of the total equity of China People &apos;s Insurance Corporation and the Social Security Fund held 10.2 per cent .
after China &apos;s A @-@ share issue , the Treasury &apos;s stake will be diluted to 63.58 % , and the Social Security Fund &apos;s stake will be 9.2 % .
as of Friday , China People &apos;s Insurance Corporation &apos;s H @-@ shares closed at HK $ 3.52 , up 1.44 % that day .
ex @-@ Foreign Aid Allegations of Counterfeiting North Control Response &quot; Need to Need &quot; - China @-@ Singapore Network
yesterday afternoon , beijing holding football club ( hereinafter referred to as north control ) made an official response to the news that Anichebe , former foreign aid to the team , had accused the team of playing fake football . the north control issued a statement , saying that the club absolutely did not have any cases of kicking fake balls . this was completely a lie fabricated by Anichebe himself during the arbitration process in order to cover up his flagrant violation of the contract and for his personal and improper economic purpose .
at the same time , north control said it would reserve the right to pursue the responsibility of the parties concerned by all means .
Nigerian player Anichebe has accused FIFA of playing bogus football last year , including Beijing &apos;s Derby for the 21st round in mid @-@ 2017 , the Daily Mail reported .
it was a crucial stage for the Beijing people and the Premier League , and the game ended with a 0 @-@ 2 defeat for the Beijing people and Arnichebi .
the Nigerian player &apos;s statement was met with an official response from the club yesterday .
the statement said that after the club &apos;s previous internal investigations , the team has participated in the game did not play fake ball .
Anichebe joined Beijing in June 2017 . in December of the same year , Anichebe refused to return to winter training without justification and refused to do so despite repeated reminders from the club .
at present , the dispute between the two sides has been submitted to FIFA and arbitration is under way .
the statement also mentioned that the much - watched " false ball accusation " was in fact a lie fabricated by Anichebe during the arbitration process to cover up his flagrant violation of the contractual agreement and for his personal and improper economic purposes .
its sole aim in slandering clubs and slandering Chinese football is to gain undue economic benefits .
moreover , the club does not accept any organization or any individual who , for the sake of his economic interests , makes unwarranted accusations , slanders , slanders or slanders against the club .
therefore , the north control side indicated that it would reserve the right to pursue the responsibility of the parties concerned by all means .
the agricultural development bank of china will invest 20 billion yuan to support the purchase of Jilin Qiu grain .
since September , crops across Jilin Province have been experiencing harvest peaks .
this reporter learned from the Jilin provincial branch of the china agricultural development bank that at present , the amount of credit funds available for agricultural issuance has reached 20 billion yuan to ensure adequate supply of Jilin autumn grain purchase funds .
it has been learned that this year the grain production situation in Jilin is generally stable , and some grain processing enterprises have increased their production capacity , the opening rate has risen , and the demand for grain has increased .
in order to ensure the supply of funds for grain policy acquisition , agricultural distribution has actively carried out the autumn grain purchase of silver enterprises through visits to peasant households , processing enterprises , trading enterprises , and other types of purchasing entities .
at present , agricultural distribution has invested 5.2 billion yuan to support the purchase of 11.58 billion jin of autumn grain by various grain purchasing bodies .
there are already 120 major grain purchasing entities in Jilin province with nearly 300 purchase points , ensuring that the main grain producing counties are " fully covered " and leaving no " blank spots " for purchasing funds .
according to the relevant responsible person of the agricultural issue , according to the progress of the purchase and the demand for enterprise funds , if there is a shortage of funds for the purchase , the agricultural issue will apply for additional funds on the basis of 20 - billion yuan of credit funds to ensure the timely and full supply of funds , maintain stability in the grain market , and protect the interests of peasants .
Chinese journalists were taken away by police at the annual meeting of the British Conservative Party , and China demanded an apology
according to the website of the chinese embassy in britain , a spokesman for the embassy in britain answered a reporter 's question on the 1 st about a chinese reporter being taken away by the police during the annual meeting of the british conservatives .
the spokesman pointed out : we demand that the Tory human rights commission stop interfering in china 's internal affairs , stop interfering in hong kong affairs , and ask the organizers of the meeting to apologize to chinese reporters .
a reporter asked : during the annual meeting of the british conservative party on 30 september , the party 's human rights committee held a side event on the hong kong issue and invited the hong kong opposition to speak at the meeting .
a Chinese journalist was taken away by the police during the event .
do you have any comment ?
in response , the spokesman said that in the 21 years since hong kong 's return to the motherland , the practice of " one country , two systems " had been extremely successful , and hong kong 's development achievements were universally acknowledged .
Hong kong is china 's hong kong , and hong kong affairs are purely china 's internal affairs .
the Conservative Party Human Rights Committee used the party &apos;s annual meeting to hold a side event to promote anti @-@ China separatist forces . the Chinese side expressed grave concern and strong dissatisfaction .
we are firmly opposed to interference in hong kong affairs by any organization in any way .
any attempt or action to advocate " hong kong independence " will be futile .
the spokesman said that britain has always proclaimed freedom of speech , but it is totally unacceptable that chinese journalists , when asked to express their views at the side meetings , have been obstructed in every way and even physically assaulted .
we demand that the Conservative Human Rights Commission stop interfering in China &apos;s internal affairs , stop meddling in Hong Kong affairs , and ask the organizers of the conference to apologize to Chinese journalists .
the fifth world internet congress will be held in Wuzhen , Zhejiang province , from 7 to 9 november , and the world internet will soon enter Wuzhen time again .
as a global Internet congregation , the World Internet Congress has received a high degree of attention and wide recognition in the global Internet field .
over the past five years , the world internet congress has set up a large stage for the exchange of advanced technologies on the internet , and the wide application of technological achievements at the conference has added new impetus to global economic development .
results Release Converts World Internet Frontiers
in the area of the Internet , what are the world &apos;s top @-@ notch and most visible achievements ?
the leading scientific and technological results released at the World Internet Congress provide the answer .
the third world internet conference released for the first time 15 leading scientific and technological achievements .
the results of the exhibition were innovative , applied in a wide range of fields , and played a big role in stimulating radiation . they reflected the latest and most important breakthroughs in science and technology in the world 's internet field at that time , and reflected the speed and future prospects of the development of the network information field .
optical Quantum Computers , 5G , Artificial Intelligence capable of computing emotions , and so on , the results released at the Fourth World Internet Congress are even more dazzling .
the conference organizing committee set up a special committee to recommend the world 's leading scientific and technological achievements in the internet . composed of 44 well - known experts and scholars from 10 countries , including china and the united states , the committee collected nearly 1,000 innovative achievements in the internet field from all over the world , and finally evaluated 18 representative achievements , including the " huawei 3GPP 5G pre - commercial system " " " Arm security structure " " Microsoft 's " mini - ice " " " BeiDou satellite navigation system " based on the " shenwei lake taiguang computer super-light " supersystem .
currently , more than 50 countries and regions are covered by the Beidou satellite navigation system , involving more than 3 billion people .
the supercomputer Shenwei Taihu Light completed more than 2 million operational tasks and supported more than 100 applications .
the Microsoft Little Ice , pioneered by Microsoft &apos;s China research and development team , has set out from China and has now landed in China , Japan , the United States , India , Indonesia and other countries , serving as a host to television programs , radio hosts and singers . China &apos;s Internet technology development has frequently flashed to the forefront of the world &apos;s science and technology camp , attracting surprises from all over the world , becoming a gathering place and a vane for the world &apos;s top Internet technologies .
new platform for technology exchange at &quot; Internet Light &quot; Expo
as one of the important contents of the world internet congress , the " light of the internet " expo drives the interactive exchange of the global achievements in internet science , technology , and innovation , and provides an important platform for internet enterprises to showcase their latest achievements .
the " light of the internet " expo showcases new achievements , new technologies , and applications of the internet worldwide . it has different thematic exhibition areas and functional sections . it selects globally renowned internet enterprises and innovative enterprises according to different scientific and technological categories . it gathers cutting - edge achievements , displays innovative technologies , and embodies the light of civilization , the light of the future , and the light of the world in internet exchanges .
taking the " internet light " expo of the fourth world internet congress as an example , the expo attracts 411 well - known domestic and foreign enterprises from all over the world to participate in the expo . its products cover the latest achievements in the development of global internet technology and applications , such as cloud computing , things networking , artificial intelligence , and the digital economy , and highlight the characteristics of global vision , innovation - driven , and open cooperation .
more than 110 new product technology launches and 10 internet project collaboration sessions were held during the conference , providing a broad arena for global digital economic cooperation .
a paper @-@ based examination paper , scanned by a mobile phone or tablet computer , can immediately identify the contents and make corrections ; a half @-@ meter @-@ high unmanned car carrying goods can independently complete rapid delivery ; and with the owner &apos;s voice commands alone , intelligent homes can realize voice shopping , cell phone recharge , take @-@ away sales , music play , and a centralized appearance of top @-@ notch Internet science and technology achievements at the Internet Expo , which has become a new platform for exchanges between the global technology industry and the Internet .
achievements in Internet science and technology for the benefit of all peoples
the innovative development driven by internet technology is ultimately to create a better future for the people of all countries in the world and to create a more equitable , open , and inclusive environment for the happiness of mankind , economic development , and social well - being .
in China , an Internet power with a huge user base , Internet technology has a strong amplification effect in specific applications .
for example , China &apos;s BeiDou provides users with high @-@ precision and reliable positioning , speed @-@ measuring and timing services , as well as unique short @-@ message communication capabilities . the rapid development of artificial intelligence technology has reconfigured functions for traditional industries and promoted industrial progress . it has played a positive role in many fields , such as finance , transportation , health and safety .
according to the 42 nd " statistical report on china 's internet development " released by the china internet information center , china , as the largest internet market in the world , is promoting social development and progress in the process of digitalization .
and the dividends of Internet technology development are by no means limited to China , and its achievements have also brought a powerful driving force for the development of the entire world Internet and even the economy and society .
for example , china 's cross - border electric merchants and sharing economy are moving overseas , and this is increasingly supporting world economic growth . China 's new generation of information technology , such as cloud computing , big data , internet of things , and mobile internet , is speeding up the deepening of the global industrial division of labor , economic restructuring , and reshaping the pattern of global economic competition .
as outlined in the " Wuzhen initiative " released at the second world internet conference , sharing the fruits of network development and promoting the early formation of a network market connected to the world and creating more job opportunities will provide strong support for the sustained and healthy development of the global economy and enable more countries and people to take advantage of the fast train of the information age .
Lu Liang is known as the &quot; grocery kingdom . &quot;
from 30 september to 7 october , the second lu Liang special and superior functional food exhibition and the first farmers ' harvest festival were held in fenyang city , luiliang , Shanxi .
during the event , officials from lu Liang 's quarry area , fenyang city , jiacheng county , lanxian county , and other places invited tourists to experience the beauty of the countryside and jointly celebrate the farmers ' harvest festival through on - the - spot promotion .
on the eve of the national day , during the autumn harvest season , the city of lu Liang , known as the " grocery kingdom , " held a " grocery gathering , " in which more than 200 merchants took part in the display and sale of 426 types of excellent functional foods .
Lu Liang 's potato production ranks at the forefront in Shanxi . as one of the main production areas , lanxian county has in recent years extended its industrial chain through the development of potato production . while developing its industries , lanxian has also pushed villagers out of poverty . on the spot , the exhibitors introduced the new method of eating potatoes through the " potato feast " dish display . the businessmen from linxian county brought in fresh dates , green beans , peas , and millet .
Lu Liang agriculture has a long history , cereal cultivation began in Neolithic times , soybeans , soybeans , naked oats , millet , etc. have a history of four or five thousand years , red dates can be traced back to the Western Han Dynasty .
unique climate and diverse geomorphology , the formation of Lu Liang many characteristics of agricultural products , is a well @-@ known red dates , walnuts , small miscellaneous grains , fragrant liquor production base .
at present , luLiang city has preliminarily formed counties with the characteristics of linxian , Liulin red dates , fenyang , Zhongyang walnut , lanxian potato , xingxian county small grain , fangshan chinese herbs , Jiaotou edible fungus , filial piety facilities vegetables , brushes , and shilou honey . it has certified 1.6 million mu of pollution - free green organic products and 172 products .
more than 200 businesses took part in the exhibition with 426 specialties .
Li zhengyin , vice chairman of the Shanxi provincial committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and secretary of the lu Liang city CPC committee , said : the city will further open its agriculture to the outside world , promote production and marketing , and push lu Liang 's more excellent functional foods toward the whole country and the world .
in addition to gardening melons and fruits , pine farmers tasty , the beauty of the country also lies in the eco @-@ country tour , real @-@ life performance .
during the event , officials from the quarry area , Fenyang city , Jiaicheng county , lanxian county , and other places introduced local scenic spots to the participants , and invited tourists to visit the city .
Li huiyi , vice mayor of fenyang city , introduced that in fenyang ancient times there were general Di Qing of the song dynasty , and today there are well - known directors jia zhangke . in addition to popular folk culture such as fenzhou 's yangge and jinzhou 's " fenfen no drama , " there are tourist attractions such as " china 's xingfa village , the rejuvenation of jia Zhuang village , ecological sacred land ancient wuwen lake , beachuangxia 's upper forest , and summer resort river . "
the implementation of the rural rejuvenation strategy and the promotion of agricultural supply @-@ side reform are the means for Lu Liang to help the poor in the particularly difficult areas .
Li zhengyin frankly said that winning the battle to get rid of poverty and tackle the tough battle to help the poor is a very important way to help the people in impoverished areas lift themselves out of poverty and increase their incomes . " we sincerely hope that friends from all walks of life will " buy products from impoverished areas and offer love for helping the poor . "
with the theme of " celebrating bumper harvests , promoting culture , and rejuvenating the countryside , " the purpose of the event is to invite tourists to " display and sell characteristic mountain treasures , appreciate folk culture , and tour lu Liang meijing " and to build a number of famous agricultural products and food brands with a high reputation and market competitiveness , such as " lu Liang walnut " .
during the event , business attraction and trade contracts will also be held , and awards will be given to the " 10 best cultivators " " 10 best leaders for getting rich " " 10 best leaders for rural electric businessmen " and " 10 best chefs " .
the Xiamen city people 's government recently issued a circular that , starting from 1 october , migrant workers who hold the five consecutive years of Xiamen city residence permit , who have gone through employment registration procedures in Xiamen city and participated in the fifth consecutive year of social endowment insurance , and who have the " Xiamen city land and housing rights certificate " in Xiamen , may move in their accounts .
residents who have registered for employment in Xiamen city and who have participated in the fifth consecutive anniversary of the completion of Xiamen city social endowment insurance have the right to own the " Xiamen city land and housing rights certificate " in the ximing district and the huli district , and who have completed the fifth anniversary of their registration in Xiamen city , may move the registration into the xiamen district and the huli district .
at present , Xiamen city has six municipal districts , divided into the island 's Siming district and lakes district , and the offshore sea area , the catchment area , the tongan district , and the xiangan district .
this is the first time since August 2010 that Xiamen has relaxed the conditions within Xiamen Island .
Xinhua news agency , Fuzhou , october 1 ( reporter tai xiaoan ) on october 1 , the " regulations on the safety management of high - speed railways in Fujian province " officially came into effect .
according to the regulations , it is prohibited to lift kites , balloons , lanterns , aircraft , and other airborne objects and small aircraft within 500 meters on each side of the high - speed railway power line .
it stipulates that , on the basis of the " PRC law on railways , " the " regulations on railway safety management , " and other superior laws , and in light of Fujian 's geographical and climatic characteristics , supplementary provisions should be made to prohibit and restrict acts that affect the safety of high - speed railways , regulate construction and tree planting along high - speed railways , further clarify the subjects and scope of supervision and control of high - speed railways , and clearly define the duties and legal liabilities of law enforcement and supervision .
the regulations stipulate that in view of the fact that the coastal areas of Fujian province are prone to high winds , and light construction materials and light objects along high - speed railways are blown into high - speed railways , it is prohibited to lift kites , balloons , kong ming lamps , power umbrellas , aircraft , and other airborne objects within 500 meters of each side of the high - speed railroad power line conductor .
in addition , the owners or users of light objects such as plastic sheds , colored steel plates , and sunscreens along high - speed railway lines , as well as light floating objects such as low - altitude floating objects and plastic protective films produced during construction , shall take reinforcing and protective measures to prevent endangering the safety of high - speed railways .
in view of the fact that Fujian is located in hilly areas and has a large number of high - speed railway tunnels , the regulations require the construction of mountain ponds , reservoirs , dikes , excavated rivers , trunk canals , and wells within 200 meters of each side of the central line above the high - speed railway tunnels , which may affect the safety of tunnels , the opinions of the railway construction units or railway transport enterprises should be solicited .
at the same time , those responsible for violating the " regulations " will be ordered by the public security organs to make corrections ; in more serious cases , the unit will be fined between 5,000 yuan and 10,000 yuan , and the individual will be fined between 200 yuan and 500 yuan ; in serious cases , the unit will be fined between 10,000 yuan and 30,000 yuan , and the individual will be fined between 500 yuan and 1,000 yuan .
those who cause losses shall bear the liability for compensation according to law .
it has been learned that with the rapid development of railway construction , the mileage of high - speed railways with speeds of 200 km / h and above in Fujian province has now reached 1,516 km / h , which has enabled the city to open up to the public , and it is expected that the railway lines with speeds of 200 km / h and above in Fujian will reach 2,150 km / h in the next five years .
the implementation of these regulations will standardize the safety management of high - speed railways in Fujian province , further implement the duties of local government departments , coordinate railway and local forces , make joint efforts to ensure the safety of high - speed railways , and improve the safety and control system of high - speed railways in Fujian province .
Hong KONG Nov 5 ( Reuters ) - China &apos;s largest beer producer , China Resources ( Holdings ) Ltd . ( 0291.HK ) , announced on Monday that it would buy Heineken / Hein.AS , China &apos;s six breweries on the mainland and all of Heinrich Hong Kong &apos;s issued shares at a total cost of about HK $ 2,355 million .
at the same time , the company signed a trademark licensing agreement with Heineken to authorize China Resources to use the Heineken trademark in mainland China , Hong Kong and Macau for the production , marketing , distribution and sale of licensed products for a period of 20 years , which will be renewed on the same terms and conditions for a period of 10 years at a time until the termination of the trademark licence agreement .
China Resources announced in August that its direct controlling shareholder , Hua Run Group Ltd . , had reached an equity partnership agreement with Xi Li of about HK $ 28.5 billion .
at the same time , china resources has entered into long - term strategic co - operation arrangements with Healthy , including the acquisition of its existing business in china , hong kong and Macau , and integration with its beer business in china .
the transaction is a further implementation of the cooperation agreement .
China Resources said the deal with Healthy provided the group with an important strategic , long @-@ term development and value @-@ added opportunity to expand into the high @-@ end beer market , and that the long @-@ term cooperative relationship thus established would be highly complementary .
China Resources Co. closed Friday at HK $ 28.85 , down nearly 4.5 % in the past month .
thousands or thousands killed in tsunami disaster : China @-@ Singapore Network
a 7.5 @-@ magnitude shallow earthquake hit Indonesia &apos;s Sulawesi Island on September 28 , triggering a 6 @-@ metre tsunami .
the National Disaster Response Department announced on 30 September that the death toll had risen to 832 , mainly in the capital , Palu , and in the neighbouring epicentre of Dungala territory .
Vice President Carla says as many as thousands of casualties remain uncounted in some of the affected areas .
a strong earthquake and tsunami in central Sulawesi province on the afternoon of september 28 in indonesia have killed 832 people .
2.4 million people affected by collapse of thousands of buildings
in the aftermath of the Palu disaster , thousands of buildings collapsed and many roads were broken , with an estimated 2.4 million people affected , authorities said .
a hotel on the local coast collapsed and only 24 guests fled safely , with an estimated 50 to 60 trapped in rubble . calls for help were heard from time to time , and rescue workers successfully rescued a young woman on September 30 .
the authorities were unable to remove the rubble using heavy machinery to ensure the safety of the trapped persons and the search and rescue process was slow .
a shopping mall in the city collapsed , and hundreds of residents rushed to the scene waiting for news from relatives and friends .
many residents use social networking platforms to send letters seeking separated relatives and friends .
on September 30 , local time , Indonesian central Sulawesi Baru city , a hotel collapsed , relief work began .
whereabouts of 10 000 foreigners awaiting rescue : report
authorities say about 10,000 people are waiting for help in the city of Palu , scattered over 50 locations .
it was learned that 71 foreigners were in Palu at the time of the earthquake , 66 of whom were temporarily known to be safe , including 21 Chinese citizens , the remaining two French , two Malaysian tourists and one South Korean .
the chinese embassy in indonesia is trying through various channels to find out and verify the situation of chinese citizens in the disaster - stricken areas , and has not yet received any reports of casualties among chinese citizens .
communications in Dungala district , near the epicenter of the quake , remained suspended and 11 people were reported dead , but no further details were available .
the scene showed serious damage to coastal areas and ports in Dungala district , with a large number of buildings being swept away and corpses scattered throughout the area . Red Cross rescue teams are now on their way to search and rescue there .
Indonesian president inspects disaster situation , says reconstruction work begins soon
roads in Palu and Dungala were severely damaged , and on 30 September , Palu airport was open only to aircraft carrying relief supplies , allowing relief supplies and personnel to arrive as soon as possible and taking away seriously injured persons .
a number of local hospitals are still without electricity and the injured are treated outdoors .
more than 10,000 people were admitted to shelters , and some feared the aftershock would not return home , preferring to spend the night outdoors .
following the collapse of a prison in Palu , which triggered the escape of hundreds of prisoners , more than 100 prisoners in Dungala County took advantage of the chaos caused by the earthquake to remain in detention , and prisoners set fire to disturbances in detention centres .
Indonesian President Joko , who visited Palu on 30 September , noted that it was very difficult to resolve a large number of problems in a short time , including the restoration of communications .
he appealed to the victims for patience and said the authorities would start reconstruction work as soon as possible .
on the other hand , the Indonesian Minister of Finance announced that the Government had allocated 560 billion Indonesian guilders for disaster relief .
confirmed human case of H5N6 avian influenza in Guangdong Province
the Health Bureau says one human case of H5N6 avian influenza has been confirmed in Guangdong Province , according to the latest notification from the mainland health authorities .
the Health Bureau urged residents to avoid contact with birds and pay attention to personal and food hygiene .
according to the data , the patient , a 22 - year - old man , is now living in baiyun district , Guangzhou city , Guangdong province . he developed fever and other symptoms on 25 september . he was admitted to hospital on 26 september and is now being treated in isolation in a hospital . his condition is very serious .
the patient had slaughtered and eaten live poultry before onset .
since April 2014 , there have been confirmed cases of H5N6 avian influenza in Sichuan , Guangdong , Yunnan , Hubei , Hunan , Anhui and Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Regions .
the Health Bureau will maintain close liaison with the health authorities of the country and neighbouring areas and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) to monitor the situation closely .
to prevent human infection with avian influenza , the Health Bureau calls attention to the following :
avoid contact with birds or their secretions and excreta ; wash hands immediately if in contact ;
do not buy or carry unquarantined birds ;
do not eat poultry meat , offal , blood products and eggs that are not thoroughly cooked ;
pay attention to personal hygiene and wash hands frequently ;
if you develop symptoms such as fever , cough and respiratory difficulties , wear a mask and seek medical attention as soon as possible . details of travel history and animal contact history should also be given to doctors .
the import expo is drawing near , and the Shanghai city image film , which has been painted by the sea , land , and air for several months , is gorgeously updated today .
Shanghai has never lacked vitality , and with the further opening of the market to the world , the vitality of the market has been more strongly released .
with its dazzling new business style , it can not afford to go out to buy all the conveniences in the world . it is full of surprises and innovative fashion experiences , and the dynamic image has created a dazzling and energetic Shanghai .
in Shanghai , is a kind of personal experience to understand the emotion .
plunge into it , feel the heart , this moment , no matter where you come from , let us gather in Shanghai .
during its visit to china , the russian coastal frontier government delegation signed a framework agreement for the construction of an international cultural tourism complex , " russian house . "
the Russian village project envisages the construction of 200 buildings of different architectural styles , commercial streets and international conference halls .
the project is hoping to attract more Chinese tourists .
Chinese have a strong interest in Russian culture .
Chinese investors estimate the total value of the project to be 3 billion roubles .
the two @-@ day race includes a route race and a long @-@ distance race , with 21 fleets divided into A and B teams .
more than 100 contestants from china , the united states , the netherlands , Thailand , and other countries and regions participated in the flotilla .
several sailboats met on the track during the race .
the sun shone brightly in Liuzhou City that day . the sails were hoisted in the autumn wind , and the red sails were floating in the blue waves .
the people along the coast watched the sailing boats compete in the green hills and rivers and cheered from time to time .
the red sails rippled in the blue waves .
it is understood that the Hobie 16 unpowered sailing ship , a double @-@ bodied sailing ship that relies on the wind and can go directly to the beach without a dock berth , was born in 1970 and is one of the most abundant in the world .
the red sails sailed through the green hills .
the Hobie 16 International Inland Riverboat Open is one of the 2018 Liuzhou International Water Leisure Games series .
the water sports meet also includes the international water motorcycle open competition , the city beach gas volleyball match and the kayaking drifting competition .
chinanews , october 1 ( chinanews ) in 2018 , a french man named Jean - Claude Arnault disrupted the pace of the nobel prize because he was accused of violating more than a dozen women .
his wife is a member of the Swedish Academy of Literature and a Nobel Prize judge .
on the 1st local time , the Swedish court sentenced Arnault to two years imprisonment .
Arnault , 71 , is known to be a photographer and a powerful figure in Swedish culture , accused of assaulting more than a dozen women .
the discredited Swedish Academy of Literature announced in May that it had decided to cancel the 2018 Nobel Prize for Literature .
this reporter learned from the china national railways corporation that today the national railways are facing a peak of passengers during the national day holiday . it is estimated that 16.19 million passengers will be dispatched and 714 more passenger trains will be operated , of which 136 will be medium-and long - distance passenger trains of the cross - railway bureau and 578 will be operated by the railways bureau .
on 30 september , 13.108 million passengers were dispatched by railway across the country , an increase of 584,000 passengers , or 4.7 percent , over the same period last year , and railway transportation across the country was safe and orderly .
among them , the Shanghai bureau group company sent 2.56 million passengers , an increase of 8.2 percent over the same period last year ; the Guangzhou bureau group company sent 1.855 million passengers , an increase of 12.9 percent over the same period last year ; and the beijing bureau group company sent 1.283 million passengers , an increase of 1.2 percent over the same period last year .
on October 1 , the Guangzhou @-@ Shenzhen High Speed Railway is expected to deliver 300,000 passengers ( 55,000 crossings ) and 137 pairs of passenger trains ( 83 crossings ) . the Harcourt Railway is expected to deliver 28,000 passengers and 30 passenger trains .
in order to meet the demand of traveling together during the holidays , the railway department makes scientific arrangements for transportation capacity , optimizes the station services , and facilitates passenger travel .
Jinan Bureau Group Co . , Ltd . , opened a special train for cultural vacations &quot; Xianyun City , &quot; Nanning Bureau , Guilin to Inner Mongolia , Guizhou Qianjiang , Hubei Yichang Three Gorges Co . , Ltd . , and so on .
in order to express the blessing to the mother of the motherland , railway stations around the organization of a celebration of the motherland activities .
the Wuhan Bureau Group Company G586 Wuhan to Beijing high @-@ speed rail , bright five @-@ star red flag will be decorated with joy , train attendants and passengers to perform &quot; high @-@ speed rail concert &quot; ; Xi &apos;an Bureau Group Company Benz on the 5082 Yellow Plateau train , the symbol of the motherland and Jianghuanglian . . . . . .
the railway department reminds passengers and friends that during the holidays , passengers who have successfully booked their tickets through the internet but have not yet collected their tickets , please bring along their tickets and valid identification documents in line with the ticket information , and reserve sufficient time to collect , check , check , and change their tickets so as not to delay their journeys .
Chinese state councilor and foreign minister Wang Yi said in a speech to the us committee on foreign relations on friday : at present , sino - us relations have once again come to a crossroads . if the two sides can positively embrace each other , expand positive cooperation , and properly manage their differences and contradictions , they will open up better prospects .
" China - us relations are our common assets and we need to take care of them together . "
he expressed the hope that people of insight from all walks of life in the two countries will take concrete action to maintain the healthy and stable development of sino - us relations and jointly push sino - us relations forward in the correct direction .
Wang Yi also stressed again that china will certainly follow a different development path from the traditional big powers .
this road with chinese characteristics has determined that china will not , and will not , repeat the mistake of becoming a strong country and a hegemonic power . it has also determined that china will not become the united states , challenge the united states , and still less replace the united states .
in his speech entitled " opportunities or challenges , partners or adversaries , " Wang Yi said : the deep - seated crux of the problem at present lies in the fact that some american friends believe that china will also become a strong country and will even challenge and replace the united states in its leading position in the world .
&quot; this is clearly a major strategic miscalculation . &quot;
but this self @-@ imagined suspicion is spreading , amplifying existing contradictions , creating new doubts and making it more difficult and difficult for China and the United States to resolve specific problems , he said .
Wang Yi pointed out : China has taken a road of peaceful development .
the Chinese have never had any genes for external expansion .
we believe that all countries can coexist in harmony and learn from each other .
whether in the past , now , or in the future , china will neither copy the foreign model nor ask other countries to copy china 's practice .
earlier , when Wang Yi met with former us secretary of state Henry Kissinger in new york , he said that sino - us cooperation will win - win and confrontation will lose and lose .
China has always been committed to developing long @-@ term , healthy and stable China @-@ US relations , so as to achieve non @-@ conflict , non @-@ confrontation , mutual respect and win @-@ win cooperation .
the state council of china held a news conference Tuesday to introduce and interpret the white paper " facts about sino - us economic and trade frictions and china 's stance . "
Chinese vice minister of commerce fu ziyong said at the news conference that china is willing to make efforts to push bilateral trade toward a more balanced direction and hopes that the us side will also show a positive posture .
chinanews , oct 1 - according to foreign media reports , indonesia 's Sulawesi island was hit by a strong earthquake and tsunami on september 28 , causing serious damage to several cities along the coast . the latest news shows that the number of people killed has risen to 1,200 .
authorities believe the death toll will continue to rise as the &quot; golden 72 hours &quot; of rescue efforts pass , following reports of two rounds of tsunami strikes in the town of Donggara , near the epicenter of the quake .
on September 30 , 2018 , local time , in Palu , Central Sulawesi Province , Indonesia , rescuers carried an earthquake survivor rescued from the ruins of a restaurant .
officials at the disaster relief department said the tsunami caused a huge wave of up to six meters , and the earthquake and tsunami affected more people than originally estimated .
hundreds of people were celebrating the holiday on the beach in Palu when the quake and tsunami struck , and many died when the waves swept away .
officials say the tsunami hit the shore at 800 kilometers an hour , destroying many buildings and infrastructure .
he said thousands of homes , hospitals , shopping malls and hotels collapsed , and a tsunami @-@ triggered mudslide cut off one of the main roads in Palu .
a bridge across a coastal river collapsed in Sulawesi .
on september 30 , local time , Indonesian president Joko inspected the city of central Sulawesi Palu , where the earthquake occurred .
Indonesian president Joko visited the disaster area on september 30 , saying troops had been dispatched to help rescue the victims and called on them to be patient .
Zoko pointed out that the rescue operation was very difficult because of the shortage of heavy machinery and manpower .
he noted that many of the affected areas lacked supplies such as water , food and fuel , and that a large number of businesses had closed down after the earthquake and had sent aircraft to drop supplies .
he appealed to the victims to be patient and to stay where they were and wait for help .
rescue workers in Palu city said they heard calls for help coming from a collapsed hotel in the city , but were unable to move the rubble because there was no heavy machine and some people needed help in vain .
Indonesia &apos;s vice president , Kara , says the death toll from the earthquake and tsunami could eventually rise to thousands as electricity and communications are cut off in some areas and information is blocked .
Shenyang , november 5 ( reporter Xu Zhiqiang , Yan Yi - na ) the reporter learned today from the Liaoning provincial court that during the six - month campaign to carry out the " storm , " the Liaoning provincial court sternly cracked down on those who refused to carry out the act and handed over 241 people who refused to carry out the crime , thus maintaining the high - pressure situation of cracking down on those who refused to carry out the crime .
it has been learned that according to the unified arrangements of the Liaoning supreme people 's court , from early april to the end of september , the Liaoning court launched a six - month campaign to basically resolve the difficulties in implementing the " storm , " amassing superior forces , and launching an all - round general attack on the difficulties in implementing the basic resolution .
at the same time , courts throughout the province organized and carried out " five groups " of activities to impose fines , detain one batch , restrict one batch of consumption , punish one batch of people for breach of trust , and transfer one batch of people to refuse to commit crimes .
at the beginning of the activity , there were more than 132,000 outstanding cases in the provincial courts , and at the end of july , the cases were closed to the public .
during the activities , courts across the province imposed fines of 12.006 million yuan , detained 4,146 people , restricted consumption of 162,844 people , punished 55,128 people for dishonesty , and transferred 241 people for refusing to detain .
from january to october this year , the Liaoning court handled a total of 297,438 enforcement cases , an increase of 13.28 percent over the same period of last year ; it closed 226,558 cases , an increase of 83.18 percent over the same period last year ; and implemented 31.236 billion yuan , an increase of 74.94 percent over the same period last year .
where can I take a taxi ?
we want to go to the golden bauhinia square to watch the national day flag raising ceremony ! "
when interviewed by zxs reporters at hong kong west Kowloon station on the morning of 1 october , Mr. and Mrs. song , who had deliberately flown to Shenzhen from Ningxia and transferred to Shenzhen on the first day of the national day of the Guangzhou - Shenzhen high - speed railway , asked if this was the case .
on the morning of 1 october , the hong kong special administrative region government held a grand flag raising ceremony at the golden bauhinia square to celebrate the 69 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china .
according to immigration statistics , as at september 30 , the number of passengers arriving in hong kong via the west Kowloon MTR station had exceeded 300,000 .
on the occasion of the 69 th anniversary of the motherland , the west Kowloon boundary control point is expected to see a peak of visitors visiting hong kong on october 1 and 2 .
at about 7 am on the morning of the 1 st , a large number of mainland visitors took advantage of the national day golden week to take advantage of the high speed rail to visit hong kong .
Mrs. Soong , who walked briskly , told this reporter : the national day holiday is a rare long holiday in a year . coming to hong kong 's golden bauhinia square to see the flag raised has always been her wish . she feels particularly happy and excited to be able to fulfill this wish on national day .
however , at present , flights to and from hong kong in Ningxia are not convenient . after making enquiries about the timetable of the train , Mr. song found that the first train could arrive at 7 : 03 am and connect the city 's transportation to the golden bauhinia square . the time was just right .
he exclaimed to reporters : &quot; the high @-@ speed railway is really convenient , fast and punctual ! &quot;
the 70 one - hour short - haul trains between south Guangzhou , north Shenzhen and Fukuda and west Kowloon have greatly facilitated the arrival of residents from the Guangdong , hong kong and Macau big bay regions .
upon his arrival in hong kong , mr Lau , who lives in Shenzhen , is preparing to meet his hong kong friends at the peak of central .
&quot; both the Mainland and Hong Kong are on holiday on National Day . we intend to challenge ourselves to see if we can walk 50 kilometres of Hong Kong Island Trail , &quot; Mr Lau said .
he explained that they would not have dared easily try such a long hike had it not been for the opening of the high @-@ speed railway , easy access and sufficient time .
Mrs. yang , from Dongguan , who took her 10 - year - old son to hong kong on a high - speed railway to take part in the piano competition , proudly told reporters that her son , who had been studying qin for three years , felt very meaningful in celebrating the national day in this way .
she had been in hong kong by bus for a long time , but it took time and effort . she worried that her son 's condition would be affected . this time , she was even more impressed by the convenience of taking a high - speed railway through Shenzhen and the halving of the time spent . she told the reporter : " it seems that i could not take a picture before taking a subway ride . "
on 23 September , at 6.44 a.m. , the G5711 &quot; Harmony &quot; high @-@ speed rail train started from Shenzhen North Station and raced all the way . a few minutes later , the train entered the Hong Kong section of the Guangzhou @-@ Shenzhen High @-@ speed Railway , the first fully operational high @-@ speed rail train in Hong Kong .
it will be integrated into the country 's 25,000 - km high - speed rail network , reaching the hong kong section of the 38 long - distance railway stations across the country , and will also welcome mainland tourists from different provinces , south and north of the country .
Mr. Gao , who came to visit his relatives in hong kong from Changsha on a long holiday , told this reporter : before , the high - speed railway could only sit in Shenzhen north , take a subway to cross the border from hong kong , and then travel around the city . he was in trouble and time - consuming transportation . now he can sit directly in the center of Kowloon and get home to eat his children 's lunch . he feels very happy .
he said that the " one place , two checks " customs procedures were more convenient than imagined , " less than 10 minutes later , both were over . "
next to the airport express , the west Kowloon station , which connects land and air traffic , has also become the preferred destination for many cross - boundary passengers .
miss wu , from Fujian , was preparing to go to the philippines from hong kong for the golden week with her girlfriends . she pushed her luggage out of the gate on time in west Kowloon . she said to reporters without any trouble : " I was afraid that i could not catch up with the plane . I did not expect it to be so fast , but there was more time ! "
the new US @-@ Mexico @-@ Canada trade agreement will retain US President Donald Trump &apos;s ability to enforce a 25 % tariff threat on imported cars , while exempting essentially passenger cars , pickups , and car parts imported from Canada and Mexico from paying tariffs , according to the trade deal &apos;s subsidiary arrangement announced on Monday .
if Trump imposed a so @-@ called &quot; 232 &quot; tariff on cars for national security reasons , both Mexico and Canada would have a quota of 2.6 million tax @-@ exempt passenger cars exported to the US each year .
under the ancillary arrangement , pickups produced in both countries would be fully exempt from customs duties .
if Trump increases car tariffs , Mexico will receive a $ 108 billion annual tax @-@ exempt quota for car parts , and Canada will receive a $ 32.4 billion quota .
both quotas are well above the current levels of production in both countries and provide room for growth in both countries &apos; exports .
Washington , DC / Mexico ( Reuters ) - After days of debate , President Donald Trump &apos;s administration and Canada are making concrete efforts to resolve trade @-@ policy differences , raising hopes that the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) will remain a tripartite agreement , Mexico said Friday .
the lack of detail is enough to prompt the governments of Mexico and the United States to abruptly halt plans to publish the text of the bilateral trade agreement and give Canada more time to join .
Mexico &apos;s president @-@ designate , Andrés Manuel Lopez Obrador , told reporters in Mexico that the US government had made new counter @-@ proposals to the Canadian government and said he would continue to press for all three countries to participate in NAFTA .
Il de fonso Guajardo , Mexico &apos;s economy minister , said the submission of the text of the US @-@ Mexico trade agreement to Mexican and US legislation had been delayed because the Canadian and US governments were &quot; very serious &quot; about trying to reach an agreement .
&quot; in the next 48 hours , we will know whether we are going to reach a text of a tripartite agreement or have to publish it , &quot; Guahardo said .
Guahardo said his United States and Canadian counterparts &quot; specifically requested &quot; that the publication of the text be delayed .
a spokesman for the US Trade Representative &apos;s Office ( USTR ) did not comment on the text of the US @-@ Mexico trade agreement or on the US @-@ Canada consultations .
officials from the Office of the Prime Minister and the Office of the Foreign Minister of Canada did not respond to requests for comments on the counter @-@ proposal .
according to foreign media reports , in a conservation center on the outskirts of the South African capital Pretoria , it is hard to see anything unusual about the two young lions playing together , but they are rare .
&quot; this is the first time in history that a lion has been born in artificial insemination -- the first pair in the world , &quot; announced the University of Pretoria .
scientists at school are working on the reproductive system of the female African lion .
Ganswyte , director of the Institute of Mammal Research at the University of Pretoria , said the two lions , born on August 25 , were male and female , quite healthy and normal .
his team finally made the breakthrough after 18 months of intensive experimentation .
&quot; we collected sperm from a healthy lion , &quot; Ganswyte told the media .
the researchers then performed artificial insemination on the female lion when the hormone levels reached an appropriate level .
&quot; fortunately , it turned out to be a success , &quot; Ganswyte said .
he said the researchers &quot; made several attempts , but surprisingly did not put much effort into them . &quot;
he said the breakthroughs could be repeated and scientists hoped to use the technology to save endangered large cats .
according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature , lions have been extinct in 26 African countries , and the total number of surviving wild lions has fallen by 43 per cent over the past 20 years , leaving only about 20,000 .
the African lion is classified by the group as a vulnerable animal .
&quot; if we don &apos;t do something for the animals , they &apos;re going to be extinct , &quot; Gansworth said .
he said the new technology did not require lions to be kept in captivity , but simply injected sperm into fertile female lions , as was done in North America and Europe for captivity .
South Korea &apos;s exports fell by the most in more than two years in September , but analysts blamed the decline on fewer working days and said global demand for South Korean goods remained strong despite rising trade tensions between China and the United States .
indeed , South Korea &apos;s exports rose daily last month .
in addition , earlier initial figures showed double @-@ digit growth in exports in the first weeks of September , before the long holidays .
South Korea &apos;s exports fell the largest year @-@ on @-@ year in September since July 2016 , more than the 5.7 % decline predicted by 11 analysts surveyed by Reuters .
preliminary figures released on Monday showed exports of $ 50.6 billion in September , down from $ 51.2 billion in August .
South Korean exports to China grew 7.8 per cent in September , for the twenty @-@ third straight month , despite concerns that the growing US @-@ China trade dispute could hurt other export @-@ dependent neighbors .
South Korean exports to the United States fell 11.8 per cent as sales of petroleum products fell .
overseas sales of South Korean memory chips and petroleum products grew by 28.3 per cent and 13.5 per cent , respectively , despite concerns that the so @-@ called &quot; super @-@ cycle &quot; of chips might have peaked .
&quot; however , the impact of the trade conflict will be inevitable , as South Korea relies heavily on the US and Chinese markets for its exports . &quot;
imports fell 2.1 per cent to $ 40.8 billion , less than the 3.1 per cent growth forecast in the Reuters survey .
the initial value of the trade surplus in September was $ 9.7 billion , up from $ 6.9 billion in August .
the Ministry of Industry says global manufacturing will remain buoyant thanks to the U. S. and EU countries , which is a positive factor for South Korean exports .
the statement pointed out : " the increase in export prices caused by higher oil prices will also benefit exports in the second half of this year . "
&quot; but the continuation of the trade conflict between the United States and China , coupled with increased market volatility following the US interest rate hike , are all negative pressures on exports . &quot;
exports rose to an average of $ 2.6 billion per working day in September , compared with $ 2.1 billion in August .
South Korea &apos;s Mid @-@ Autumn Festival falls on September 24 @-@ 26 , leaving September with only 19.5 working days , four days less than the same period last year .
South Korea &apos;s exports grew 4.7 % in January @-@ September from a year earlier .
manufacturing activity in South Korea rebounded in September , according to the Nikkei / Markit Purchasing Managers &apos; Index , but was underpinned by domestic orders as orders from China and Japan fell , threatening to overshadow other export prospects .
DPRK media criticize us for not relaxing sanctions against DPRK
the DPRK 's " labor news " published a signed editorial article on 30 september criticizing the united states for not relaxing sanctions against the DPRK while seeking dialogue with the DPRK , calling this a " contradictory " practice .
the article says that us secretary of state Pompeo said on 4 april that " in order to realize the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula , the key lies in the implementation of sanctions against the DPRK , " stressing that the us position on continuing to implement the un sanctions resolution remains unchanged .
in Singapore 's DPRK - us joint statement , both sides pledged to establish new DPRK - us relations commensurate with the aspirations of the DPRK and us peoples for peace and prosperity .
it would undoubtedly be paradoxical for the United States to call for dialogue while intensifying the crackdown of sanctions .
the article says : if we want to establish new DPRK - us relations , build a permanently consolidated peace system on the Korean peninsula , and realize the complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula , we should put the building of trust in the first place , start with what can be done , and resolve it one by one in stages .
the article also said that the united states should understand that the crackdown of sanctions will not work for the DPRK .
the article says that even the " northern dwensk , " which preceded the " kazan , " made the us military admire it .
&quot; we &apos;re going to meet powerful potential adversaries , &quot; the magazine quoted the Navy as saying . &quot; just look at the North Devonsk . &quot;
Forgo , the current commander - in - chief of the us navy stationed in europe , also praised the " north German " submarine .
he said : " this submarine is very impressive . looking at the development of the russian navy and how to use resources , we can see that the main effort it has made in research and development is first and foremost to strengthen the submarine fleet . "
but the magazine &quot; National Interest &quot; still believes that the United States retains an advantage over Russia in this area .
&quot; I believe that the West still has an asymmetrical advantage , &quot; he said .
earlier , it was reported that the russian navy would ship the " Kazan " submarine in 2019 .
the multi @-@ purpose submarines Kazan , Novosibirsk , Krasnoyarsk and Arkhangelsk are all of an improved type , with a displacement of 13,800 tons and a submarine depth of 520 metres , with 64 personnel and 31 knots of underwater speed , and will carry mines , torpedoes and cruise missiles of &quot; calibre &quot; and &quot; onyx . &quot;
xinjing bao ( reporter ni wei ) -- the general administration of radio , television , and telecommunications issued the " circular on launching special rectification work for radio and television advertisements " on 29 september , starting from now until the end of this year , to launch special rectification work for radio and television advertisements .
the content of the rectification includes low @-@ standard , low @-@ quality and low @-@ grade advertising , undocumented management of the broadcast of the issue of health care programs .
according to the circular , the current special rectification work focuses on nine aspects .
in particular , there are advertisements with problems of orientation ; advertisements with low contents and low quality ; advertisements with problems of excessive time and failure to broadcast according to regulations ; and advertisements with problems of exaggeration , misinformation , or publication in disguised form with problems of medical treatment , medicine , cosmetic products , cosmetic products , and other problems ;
the current rectification work will be completely covered throughout the country , and the requirements for rectification and standardization will be fully implemented in radio and television media at all levels , in the frequency of channels , and in the program columns and time slots , and " there will be no blind spots , no dead ends , no exceptions . "
the circular demands that the administrative departments of radio and television broadcasting at all levels strictly follow the " procedures for handling illegal and irregular advertisements discovered by radio and television broadcasting organizations . "
those who violate the regulations in serious cases should be severely dealt with , such as commanding speeches , circulating criticisms , suspending the broadcasting of advertisements , and even suspending the broadcasting of frequency channels , and exposed to the public according to the circumstances .
in recent years , the General Administration of Radio , Television and Television has repeatedly called for the suspension of illegal advertising .
this year , the state administration of radio and television issued a circular publicly calling for the suspension of advertisements for serious violations such as " 0 kimchi milk , " " shava cocktail , " " banritt plant anti - sterile hair dew , " and so on , which contained misguided and exaggerated propaganda and misled the audience .
the general administration of radio , television and television has formulated a number of regulations and circulars to regulate the conduct of radio and television advertisements .
the " circular on further strengthening the management of advertisements for television shopping clips broadcast by tv channels " stipulates that tv channels are not allowed to broadcast advertisements for television shopping clips from 18:00 to 24:00 every day .
when broadcasting advertisements for short television shopping clips during other periods , we must not use the moderator to publicize them ; we must not use such propaganda as " hawking " to exaggerate the sound , tone , and movement ; we must not use such propaganda as " orthopaedic , " " plastic , " " lipid permeability , " and " flipping " to publicize breast enlargement , weight - loss products , and we must not broadcast advertisements for short television shopping clips every hour of the day for more than one ( one ) , each not exceeding three minutes .
the Circular on Further Strengthening the Administration of Radio and Television Advertising stipulates that when a television station interrupts an advertisement in the middle of a movie or television series , it must strictly abide by the provisions of General Directorate Decree No. 61 , which stipulates that two commercial advertisements may be inserted in each episode of non @-@ prime time ( 45 minutes ) , each time not exceeding 1 minute and 30 seconds ; the prime time ( 19 : 00 to 21 : 00 ) may not exceed 1 minute for each episode of commercial advertising ; and the advertisement shall be preceded by one minute .
the circular also stipulates that radio and television broadcasting organizations should strictly examine the qualifications and certificates of health information advertisements , such as medical treatment , pharmaceuticals , medical devices , and health food products , and resolutely prohibit the broadcasting of sex - related advertisements .
to standardize the form of health information advertising , no advertisements should be published in disguised form in the form of health information feature programmes .
health information special programs should focus on introducing scientific knowledge such as disease prevention , control , and treatment , and should not contain advertisements on medical treatment , pharmaceuticals , medical devices , health food , etc . , and should not be certified in the name of patients , doctors , pharmacists , and experts .
&quot; for the first time , we have adjusted the format of the MAKS International Aerospace Salon . we propose China as the host country . our Chinese counterparts agreed and accepted our invitation , &quot; he said .
not long ago , Chinese President Xi Jinping attended the Fourth Eastern Economic Forum at the invitation of Russian President Vladimir Putin .
this was the first time he had attended the forum .
ignore the American threat !
EU to reach agreement with iran on crude oil procurement
the US government has announced that it will reintroduce a new round of sanctions against Iran in November , even urging other countries to reduce imports of Iranian oil .
but America &apos;s allies do not seem to listen .
according to a report in the new york times , Iranian foreign minister Zarif disclosed during an interview on 29 april that Tehran was close to reaching an agreement with the european union on the sale of crude oil , despite the threat of sanctions by the united states against any country doing business with iran .
the core purpose of the agreement is to try to create a new payment mechanism , that is , to replace dollar transactions with barter or local currency .
the aim of this approach is to circumvent the United States and prevent it from impeding financial transfers .
at the same time , while the European Union is working to broker the agreement , some French and British officials are concerned that , if it materializes , it would be the most open confrontation between the European Union and the United States , which opposes the withdrawal of the United States from the nuclear agreement .
in a one @-@ hour interview , Zarif &apos;s words sounded more optimistic than in recent months , US media said .
the deal is capable of &quot; stripping &quot; America of its traditional allies and effectively disrupting US attempts to cut Iran &apos;s revenues .
&quot; this will ensure that we sell and benefit from oil , &quot; Zarif said , arguing that countries have a legitimate right to trade with Iran under the agreement reached in 2015 .
Fedrica Moguerini , head of eu foreign policy , also said a few days ago : " no sovereign state or organization can accept others to decide who it can trade with . "
but she also predicts that , before the next sanctions are imposed by the US government in November , US leaders could adopt a range of financial measures aimed at targeting banks , businessmen , and countries doing business with Tehran .
in May , the US government unilaterally announced its withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement , citing defects in the agreement , saying it would not permanently ban Iran from producing nuclear fuel .
the United States then threatened to ban companies that bought Iranian oil and other goods from doing business in the United States .
the threat caused some companies to leave Tehran and the Iranian currency plummeted .
companies such as Airbus and French oil giant Doudale have canceled billions of dollars of investment in Iraq .
British and french officials have said that the us government may " prevail . "
indeed , according to a recent report in the Turkish media , the US sanctions do not appear to have had a significant impact on Iran &apos;s oil exports .
Iranian oil minister Zangane revealed recently that no other country except south korea has stopped buying Iranian oil .
both Zarif and Iranian president Hosni Rouhani believe that the purpose of a series of us actions is to " lure " iran into violating the agreement .
Zarif also disdained the series of verbal attacks by the united states . when asked whether the united states would overthrow the current Iranian government with increasing financial pressure , Zarif even laughed . " it is a strategy of regime change , and this is the real goal of the united states . "
&quot; returning to Artillery &quot; : cultural Tourist Market Launches in Huni Mountain Artillery , Xiamen
Chen Feifei , the first announcer of Fujian frontline radio station to broadcast Mandarin , came to the fort to recollect the history of the fort .
the famous tourist scenic spot , the Xiamen hurishan fort scenic spot , which is separated by a river from jinmen , was once the place where the chinese people 's liberation army set up a " front - line broadcasting station . "
on the occasion of the 60 th anniversary of the opening of the " front - line radio station , " the scenic area held an event entitled " recalling fang hua , " inviting several historical witnesses of the front - line radio station of that year to talk freely about the historical changes in the artillery station and to witness the development and changes in cross - strait relations .
witnesses to the history of front @-@ line radio stations told about the history of artillery stations .
this is one of the activities in the series of the second " Xiamen hurishan fort cultural tourism market " , which the hurishan scenic area is striving to create .
prior to this , the first event was successfully held here to create an exclusive cultural tourism brand that integrates cultural tourism IP , creative bazaars and traditional folk cultural experiences .
on the same day , under the guidance of the Xiamen city tourism development committee and sponsored by the hurishan fort area in Xiamen , the second cultural and tourism fair of the " ancient fort new era " officially opened . during the six - day event , the main theme of the event will be the " happy reunion " of the mid - autumn festival and the national day . people who come to visit the city will be allowed to " eat , " travel , " and " buy , " and " and " amuse " the rich southern Fujian customs .
&quot; hearing the Voice of the Sea &quot; concert , has become a cannon cultural tourism market point of sight .
Wang yong , director of the hurishan artillery station management office , said : to commemorate the 60 th anniversary of the opening of the PLA 's hurishan artillery station 's frontline broadcasting station , the " re-tour artillery station recalls fanghua , " and invited several veteran broadcasters of the former artillery station to talk about the history of the artillery station so that people can remember the past and the past .
in addition , this tourism fair series also includes activities such as the 40 th anniversary of the reform and opening up to the outside world , the selection of old photos , and the 2018 large - scale " little rabbit concubine " monolithic art installation public welfare exhibition .
among them , the " hear the voice of the sea " concert , as a major point of sight of the cannon cultural tourism market , is an exclusive cultural brand - name activity created by the scenic area . the girls ' choir of the qinggong youth palace in Xiamen city has been invited to give full support to the concert , singing the 40 th anniversary of reform and opening up at the ancient cannon station accompanying the sea in yishan , and showing the collision between the " ancient cannon " and the " new era . "
the public welfare exhibition of the " rabbit little concubine " on both sides of the strait will be held at the fort 's scenic spot during the national day period . efforts will be made to create a " eyeball effect , " attracting a large number of tourists and citizens to visit , photograph , forward friends ' circles , and take jitters to add another " net red " factor to the city of Xiamen .
" Xiamen 's 40 - year - old ' you , i , he ' -- an old photo selection campaign , set up an exhibition of winning works in the scenic area to dig deep into those happy and moving moments through a photo with a temperature .
chinanews , Fuzhou , september 30 ( reporter long min ) the sixth meeting of the standing committee of the 13 th Fujian provincial people 's congress voted to pass the " regulations on promoting the building of ecological civilization in Fujian province " on the 30 th .
green Water Castle Peak is Jinshan Yinshan is written into Fujian Province &apos;s legislation for the first time , running through the entire regulation and becoming an operational and enforceable provision .
Fujian is the first national ecological civilization test area in China .
according to a responsible person of the legal affairs office of the people 's government of Fujian province , it is necessary and urgent to form a basic law and regulations for the construction of ecological civilization based on the whole and the overall situation , so as to solve the problem of relying solely on scattered laws and regulations and policy documents to regulate and control the building of ecological civilization , and also to provide a legal basis for formulating relevant regulations , normative documents , and measures .
the regulations fully reflect Fujian 's characteristics and transform the practice of mature experience in the construction of ecological civilization into the form of laws and regulations to popularize it : for example , the " changting experience " formed in the work of soil and water conservation in Fujian should be summed up and promoted , and the local people 's governments at and above the county level should strengthen their unified leadership over soil and water conservation work .
the regulations stipulate that liability for damage to the ecological environment shall be investigated for life .
those who violate the requirements of scientific development and cause serious damage to the ecological environment and resources shall be held accountable for their leading cadres and responsible persons concerned for life .
it has been learned that the " regulations on promoting the building of ecological civilization in Fujian province " will come into force on 1 november this year .
China , Pakistan agree to complete economic corridor construction project in time to speed up Gwadar port construction
China and Pakistan have agreed to further consolidate and expand their economic ties , the foreign ministry said Sunday .
China and Pakistan issued a joint statement Sunday to further strengthen their strategic partnership .
the two sides reiterated their &quot; commitment to the construction of the China @-@ Pakistan economic corridor &quot; and &quot; opposition to negative propaganda against the China @-@ Pakistan economic corridor . &quot;
Reuters quoted the chinese foreign ministry as saying that china and Pakistan will " strengthen practical cooperation in the areas of trade and investment and enhance Pakistan 's industrial capacity through the establishment of joint ventures in priority areas , the transfer of labor - intensive industries , and the development of small and medium - sized enterprise cooperation . "
according to a press release published on the foreign ministry 's website , the two sides agreed to complete the construction of the sino - Pakistani economic corridor in a timely manner , speed up the construction of the port of Gwadar and supporting projects , focus on economic and social development , create jobs and improve people 's livelihood , and speed up cooperation in industry , parks , and agriculture .
" the two sides also agreed to complete the second phase of the Sino - Pakistani FTA negotiations as soon as possible and to continue to push forward the Sino - Pakistani negotiations on the services trade agreement . "
in a joint statement signed Sunday , the two sides reaffirmed their commitment to the construction of the sino - Pakistani economic corridor and agreed that the sino - Pakistani economic corridor is a win - win cooperative plan that will promote regional connectivity and bring prosperity and development to the entire region .
both sides agreed that the port of Gwadar was an important node for cross @-@ regional connectivity and a pillar of the China @-@ Pakistan economic corridor .
the two sides agreed to speed up the construction of the port of Gwadar and the supporting projects .
in a joint statement , china and Pakistan also expressed their opposition to negative propaganda against the china - Pakistan economic corridor .
the two sides agreed to establish a strategic dialogue between the chinese and Pakistani foreign ministers and adjust the former strategic dialogue at the level of vice foreign minister into diplomatic consultations .
in addition , the two countries will further strengthen defense cooperation and maintain high - level military exchange of visits and exchanges between various departments and levels between the two countries .
in order to further encourage foreign investors to invest in china , the chinese ministry of finance and four other ministries and commissions jointly issued a circular , saying that as of 1 january 2018 , the scope of application of the policy of temporarily not levying advance income tax on foreign investors ' profits distributed from enterprises resident in china will be extended from foreign - funded projects to all projects and fields not prohibited from foreign investment .
the ministry of finance announced in a relevant notice on its website that foreign investors are required to meet several conditions at the same time if they do not temporarily levy advance income taxes , including direct investment by foreign investors with their share of profits , including equity investment by foreign investors with their share of profits , such as capital increase , new construction , and equity takeover , but not including the addition , transfer , and acquisition of shares in listed companies ( except for qualified strategic investments ) .
it also includes dividends , dividends , and other equity investment returns resulting from the actual distribution of retained earnings to investors by resident enterprises in china .
where the profits of the foreign investor used for direct investment are paid in cash , the relevant funds are transferred directly from the account of the profit @-@ distributing enterprise to the account of the invested enterprise or the equity transferor , and the profits of the foreign investor used for direct investment are paid in kind , marketable securities and other non @-@ cash forms , the ownership of the assets is transferred directly from the profit @-@ distributing enterprise to the invested enterprise or the equity transferor is not held by other enterprises , individuals , or temporarily held , before the direct investment .
the circular also says that foreign investors who have actually recovered their direct investments that enjoy the treatment of withholding advance income tax through the method of equity transfer , repurchase , and liquidation shall , within 7 days of actually collecting the corresponding funds , report and pay back the deferred taxes to the tax authorities in accordance with the prescribed procedures .
in order to encourage foreign investors to continue to invest and operate in China , the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce jointly issued a circular at the end of 2017 . from 1 January 2017 , the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Commerce will implement a deferred tax policy for those who meet the prescribed conditions and will not levy advance income tax on the profits distributed by foreign investors from resident enterprises in China .
last week , the executive meeting of the state council decided to further strengthen intellectual property protection by extending the application scope of withholding advance income tax from foreign - funded projects in the form of incentives to all non - prohibited projects and fields .
this reporter learned from the national health council that compared with a few decades ago , the incidence of undernourishment among children and teenagers in china has decreased , but the incidence of overweight obesity has markedly increased .
experts pointed out that in order to maintain a healthy body weight , the most important idea is to " cure illness " and vigorously promote scientific fitness and reasonable diet .
according to the National Health Council &apos;s recently released China Adolescent Health Education Core Information and Interpretation ( 2018 Edition ) , the key to maintaining healthy weight is eating well and exercising scientifically .
overweight , obesity and blind weight loss are all detrimental to health .
the health pitfalls behind Little Fat Pier cannot be ignored .
Ding Gang @-@ Qiang , director of the Nutrition and Health Institute of China &apos;s Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said that overweight obesity jeopardizes the normal growth and development of teenagers , adversely affects their psychology , behavior , cognition and intelligence , and can even lead to high blood pressure , high blood sugar and high blood fat in children .
at the same time , adolescent obesity is likely to continue into adulthood , which will increase the risk of developing chronic diseases such as hypertension and diabetes in adulthood .
according to Ding Gang , the nutritional and health tests of Chinese residents in 2010 @-@ 2012 showed that 9.6 percent of Chinese children aged 6 @-@ 17 were overweight and 6.4 percent were obese , adding up to 16 percent .
at the same time , overweight obesity among children and adolescents is characterized by higher rates among boys than girls and in urban areas than in rural areas , and the rate of overweight obesity has increased markedly in recent decades .
how do teenagers cope with overweight obesity ?
Zhang Zhan , deputy director of the scientific fitness and health promotion research center of the state general administration of physical culture and sports , pointed out : at present , the main reason for teenage obesity lies in excessive calorie intake and insufficient physical activity .
for this simple obesity , attention should be paid to scientific exercise combined with reasonable dietary control .
Zhang liu pointed out : to maintain a healthy body weight , the most important concept is to " cure illness , " and a very important part of this is to conduct all - round scientific popularization education for schools , parents , and students , popularize the dangers of being overweight and obese , and raise teenagers ' awareness of the dangers of being overweight .
adolescents should be regularly examined for growth indicators such as high body weight , early detection and scientific diagnosis of overweight and obesity for timely interventions .
for adolescents who are already overweight and obese , ding gang - Qiang suggested that apart from making active and scientific arrangements for diet and exercise , teenagers should be in a special physiological stage , should avoid using hunger or semi - hunger therapy to control and reduce their weight , and should not blindly take weight - loss drugs .
( Reuters ) - On Friday , Facebook said hackers stole digital login code , giving them nearly 50 million user accounts , the most serious security vulnerability in its history .
Facebook , with more than 2.2 billion users per month , said it had not determined whether the attackers had misused any accounts or stolen personal information .
the company also failed to locate the location of the hacker and was not sure whether the hacker was targeting a particular victim .
its preliminary analysis showed that this was a wide @-@ ranging attack .
in a media conference call , CEO Zuckerberg called the incident &quot; really serious . &quot;
a spokesman for the company said his account and that of Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg were also affected .
Facebook shares fell 2.6 per cent Friday , hampering Wall Street &apos;s main index .
U. S. lawmakers said Friday the attack could increase outsiders &apos; calls for data privacy legislation .
&quot; it &apos;s another sad piece of evidence that Congress needs to take action to protect the privacy and security of social media users , &quot; Democratic Senator Mark Warner said in a statement .
&apos;i would like to have an answer to Reuters &apos; report on the security leak , &apos; said Rohit Chopra , a member of the Federal Trade Commission , on Twitter .
chinanews net Changsha , september 30 ( zheng liangtian ) september 30 is china 's fifth anniversary of martyrs .
on such a special day , family members of Hunan veterans of the war of resistance against Japanese aggression , representatives of the democratic revolution , and representatives of Hunan veterans ' homes from all walks of life came to the " tang people 's wanshou garden of the war of resistance against Japanese aggression " in Changsha city to attend a mass funeral ceremony for the 2018 martyrs ' anniversary of the war of resistance against chinese veterans , and to bid farewell to 10 veterans of the war of resistance and four veterans of the war of resistance .
" veterans of the war of resistance are witnesses to china 's war of resistance , and are true , vivid , and clear - cut teaching materials of patriotism . "
Liu xiao , former vice chairman of the Hunan provincial committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ CPPCC ] , said : the patriotic spirit of heroic and courageous veterans of the war of resistance against Japanese aggression , who sacrificed their lives to forget themselves , is a precious spiritual wealth for the contemporary chinese people .
in his speech , zhu Jianjun , vice chairman of the Changsha municipal committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and chairman of the Changsha city CPC committee of the democratic revolution , pointed out : in recent years , the " caring for and caring for veterans of the war of resistance against Japanese aggression " project has become an excellent brand in the social service work of the Changsha city 's democratic revolution by providing services to veterans of resistance against Japanese aggression in the form of living allowances , free pensions , and free burials .
he believes that only by engraving history in our hearts can we carry forward the spirit of the war of resistance .
at eleven o &apos;clock in the morning , amid the solemn and heavy music , the people who had come to the activity stood in silence .
dressed in gowns , carrying flowers , and marching neatly , the members of the chinese etiquette team bid farewell to 10 war veterans and 4 war veterans in a tidy queue .
those who took part in the event sacrificed flowers to the war veterans , and there were many children in the crowd who joined their parents in paying homage to the war heroes .
the &quot; Manshou Garden of the Tang People &quot; is the first mausoleum in the country with the theme of the war of resistance , founded by the Changsha City Party Committee of the National Revolution and Hunan Manshou Garden Co . Ltd . , and completed in 2014 .
the first stage of the mausoleum project covers an area of over 2,000 square meters and consists of " heroic monuments , " " victorious plaza , " and " heroic mausoleum of the war of resistance .
the " mausoleum of heroes in the war of resistance against Japanese aggression " provides the tombs behind the heroes in the war of resistance against Japanese aggression free of charge , and is praised as " the last barracks for veterans in the war of resistance .
every year around the Qing Ming and National Day , large @-@ scale public sacrifices and burial ceremonies are held .
since 2015 , there have been seven mass burials of war veterans , in which 102 war veterans and partners have slept .
chinanews , yichang , october 1 ( Guo xiaoying and liu min ) the newly revised " three gorges - gezhouba water conservancy hub traffic regulation " ( hereinafter referred to as the " three gorges - gezhouba water conservancy regulation " ) will be formally implemented from october 1 , and the three gorges lifts will be formally unified with the lock after two years of trial navigation .
on the first day of implementation of the new regulations , navigation in the waters of the three gorges - gezhouba was in good order .
at 2100 hours on 30 september , the Yangtze river three gorges navigation administration announced its first security inspection plan and inspected 160 ships , a total of 124 of which passed the security inspection .
at 1400 hours on 1 october , the navigation department arranged for the first pass plan after the implementation of the new regulations .
after the implementation of the new regulations , the security inspection plan will be issued at 9 : 00 pm and 21 : 00 pm , and the crossing plan at 14 : 00 pm and 20 : 00 pm , respectively , so that ships can flexibly arrange the crossing plan .
the " dispatching regulations " have added the " classification control " principle of ship crossing the dam , defined the priority order of cross - dam vessels according to the functions and positioning of ship locks and ship lifts , and readjusted the short - line passenger vessels passing through the gates to the same priority level as demonstration ships and integrity ships .
this is also the second anniversary of the trial operation of the hoist after the formal and lock unified scheduling .
Chuan Jiang and the Three Gorges Reservoir area large and wide demonstration ship , new energy power ship also ranks first priority .
at the same time , the " regulations on dispatching " readjusted the " navigational control and management waters " from the previous 180 km of near dam waters to 541.8 km of waters from the yunyang chang Jiang bridge to the shitou chang Jiang bridge , and divided them into " core waters , near dam waters , control waters , and dispatching waters . "
this will help the ship side to select suitable waters to be locked and reduce the backlog of ships waiting to be locked in the dam area .
according to the characteristics of vessels crossing dams and waiting for gates , the " regulations on dispatching " also put forward measures to check the integrity of vessels that violate regulations , such as cancellation of declarations , and 24 - hour delay in crossing dams .
after the three gorges water storage , the navigation conditions in the reservoir area have been improved , and the rapid development of the Yangtze River shipping has been promoted .
the data show that the annual cargo throughput of the three gorges lock and gezhouba lock increased from 34.3 million tons in 2004 to 138 million tons and 140 million tons , respectively , in 2017 .
in the past two years , the three gorges lift has gone through 5,767 sea landings , with 162,200 passengers and 1,712,800 tons of cargo transported .
Chen dongyuan , deputy director of the three gorges navigation administration , said : the " regulations on dispatching " will play a positive role in promoting honest management of the gates , maintaining traffic order at the two dams ' hubs , easing pressure on ships waiting for the lock in the dam area , and enhancing their navigability .
China weather network reported that the " 11 th five - year " holiday has begun . it is expected that there will still be a gust of wind of about magnitude 67 in beijing during the daytime today , and it is still in the early warning of a strong wind and blue .
during the holidays , the sky is beautiful . Beijing is clear and dark , with autumn rain only on the night of 5 days . it is suitable for outdoor activities .
but day and night temperature difference of more than 10 ℃ , sooner or later cooler should pay attention to keep warm , beware of colds .
the temperature in beijing city dropped further in the morning and evening . yesterday morning , the minimum temperature of the southern suburb observatory was as low as 7.6 degrees celsius , and it fell below the 10 degrees celsius line . the highest temperature rose to 20.2 degrees celsius during the day , and the temperature difference between day and night was very great . in addition , the north wind blew vigorously . although the weather was fine , the body was not warm .
this morning , the sky in Beijing is clear and cloudless , and I feel cooler .
the beijing meteorological station predicted that the weather would be cloudy during the day , with north wind level 4 or so , gale 6 or 7 , maximum temperature 25 ℃ , and night fine , north wind 2 or 3 , minimum temperature 12 ℃ .
at present , the general public is still in the early warning of strong wind and blue , and the public should beware of falling objects at high altitude outdoors . the temperature difference between day and night is above 10 degrees celsius . in the morning and in the evening , they feel cooler and need appropriate clothing to go out .
during the " 11 th five - year plan " period , the weather in beijing was fine and rainy , and the city was cool and comfortable . it was suitable for outdoor activities as a whole . only autumn rain arrived in beijing on the night of 5 november . the public should pay attention to the forecast in the vicinity .
the temperature drops after the rain , especially at night when the minimum temperature is around 9 ℃ .
Beijing Meteorological Service Center released data yesterday , Beijing &apos;s autumn average is only 51 days .
the longest fall in Beijing since 2001 was 67 days in 2003 ; the shortest fall was in 2017 , with only 36 days .
meteorologists remind us that Beijing today has a strong north wind , a gust of wind level 67 , travel attention to prevent wind .
dry dry matter dry , should pay attention to replenish water to keep wet , go out to play also need to pay attention to fire safety , guard against fire .
morning and evening travel feel cooler , need to appropriately add clothing .
the state council recently issued the " decision on further reducing the catalogue of production licenses for industrial products and simplifying the examination and approval procedures , " which was signed and approved by premier li keqiang .
the " decision " proposes further reducing the catalogue of management of production licenses for industrial products , abolishing the management of production licenses for 14 types of industrial products , and decentralizing the management of production licenses for four types of industrial products to the quality and technical supervision departments of provincial people 's governments .
as a result of this reform , the number of products under the control of production licenses for industrial products will be reduced from 38 last year to 24 at present .
the Decision makes it clear that the approval procedure for products in the catalogue should be simplified .
the first is to replace the pre @-@ license product inspection organized by the issuing authority with the product inspection qualification report issued by the qualified inspection and inspection organization at the time of application .
second , with the exception of dangerous chemicals , the products licensed by the quality and technical supervision departments of provincial people 's governments ( market supervision and administration departments ) are subject to on - the - spot examination . after enterprises submit applications and product inspection qualification reports and make commitments to ensure product quality and safety , they can obtain production licenses through formal examination and then undergo on - the - spot examination within a specified time .
third , when an enterprise applies for a new license or applies for the renewal of a license , it shall examine and issue a license certificate in accordance with the principle of " one enterprise , one license " for different categories of products in its production and operation catalog .
the " decision " requires all localities and relevant departments to make solid efforts to promote the work of reducing the catalog and simplifying the examination and approval procedures .
we will increase the intensity of enterprises ' efforts to publicize their promises and conduct on - site examination after they are announced , strengthen the means of credit supervision and restraint , implement the principal responsibility of enterprises for quality , and revoke all production licenses if they fail to meet the requirements .
with regard to products that are subject to the abolition of production licenses for industrial products , it is necessary to conscientiously strengthen supervision after the event . products related to public health and safety and environmental protection may be turned into compulsory certification , positive lists may be drawn up and made public to the public , standards for certification should be unified , items for testing should be reasonably reduced and certified , and the cost of compulsory certification should , in principle , be borne by the financial authorities at all levels according to the system .
adopt support measures to encourage enterprises to carry out voluntary certification , promote brand building and expand the market .
it is necessary to meet international advanced standards and promote the improvement of the quality of industrial products .
give full play to the role of third party social organizations to ensure the safety of industrial product quality .
with regard to products under the management of production licenses for industrial products , it is necessary to improve the standard system , give play to the advantages of industry supervision , strengthen the responsibility of " who approves and supervises , who supervises , " dynamically assess product quality safety risks , promptly reduce catalogues , decentralize examination and approval authority , or turn into certification management .
China &apos;s Integrated PMI Ring boosted manufacturing PMI Ring down in September .
China 's composite PMI output index stood at 54.1 percent in september , up from 0.3 percentage points and 0.1 percentage points in the previous month and the annual average , according to the national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) .
the manufacturing production index and the non - manufacturing business activity index , which made up the composite PMI output index , were 53.0 percent and 54.9 percent , respectively , down one litre from the previous month .
of this , china 's manufacturing PMI was 50.8 percent , down 0.5 percentage points from the previous year .
Mr Zhao said there were five main features of the manufacturing PMI this month :
first , manufacturing fundamentals are generally stable .
of the 21 industries surveyed , 14 had PMIs in the expansion zone , and manufacturing PMIs such as pharmaceuticals , specialized equipment , and electrical and mechanical equipment all had a relatively high operating level of over 53.5 percent , with faster growth rates .
second , supply and demand fluctuated slightly .
the index of production and the index of new orders were 53.0 percent and 52.0 percent respectively , down 0.3 and 0.2 percentage points from the previous month , and supply and demand remained buoyant , but the expansion slowed slightly .
the new export orders index and import index were 48.0 percent and 48.5 percent , respectively , down from 1.4 percentage points and 0.6 percentage points in the previous month , and both fell to their lowest levels during the year .
fourth , the cost of purchasing raw materials for enterprises has increased .
the main raw materials purchasing price index was 59.8 percent , up 1.1 percentage points from the previous month , and the factory price index was 54.3 percent , the same as last month , all high in the year .
fifth , large enterprises run steadily , and small enterprises continue to improve their business conditions .
the PMI of large companies , at 52.1 per cent , remained at 52.0 per cent and above this year , and both the production index and the new order index rose this month , the main driving force behind manufacturing expansion ; the PMI of medium @-@ sized companies , at 48.7 per cent , was 1.7 percentage points lower than the previous month and was in the contraction zone ; and the PMI of small businesses , at 50.4 per cent , was 0.4 percentage points higher than the previous month , rising for two consecutive months .
that month , China &apos;s non @-@ manufacturing business activity index rose 0.7 percentage points from last month to 54.9 per cent , rebounding for the second month in a row .
Zhao Qinghe believes that the non - manufacturing industry as a whole continues to maintain a steady and positive development momentum .
road transport , securities , real estate and other industries continue to be below the critical point of business activity index , total business volume has been reduced .
Nagoya , Nov. 5 ( Reuters ) - The Bank of Japan is aware that a prolonged period of ultra @-@ easy monetary policy could squeeze financial institutions &quot; profit margins and destabilize the country &apos;s banking system , central bank chief Yoshihiko Kuroda said Monday .
but , given low inflation and uncertainty in overseas economies , he said , the BOJ needed to maintain its massive stimulus package while keeping a close eye on the pros and cons of its policies .
&quot; the BOJ fully acknowledges that the strength of financial institutions will be increasingly affected by continued monetary easing , &quot; Mr Kuroda said in a speech to business leaders in Nagoya .
if financial institutions are more aggressive in taking on the risks to compensate for years of low interest rates that have narrowed margins , he said , the banking system could become volatile in the event of a severe negative shock .
&quot; although these risks are small at the moment , the central bank will closely monitor developments and encourage financial institutions to take the necessary measures , &quot; he said .
the BOJ &apos;s policy committee discussed the rising costs of long @-@ term easing at its September meeting , according to minutes of a meeting of the Bank of Japan &apos;s central bank announced earlier Monday .
the minutes show that if the economy continues to expand , &quot; the Bank of Japan has more room for policy flexibility in the future . &quot;
the minutes showed that another member said the committee should discuss how long the BOJ could keep the stimulus policy going , given its limitations over the duration of the policy .
Mr Kuroda said the BOJ would assess the financial risks of easing , while also considering the uncertainty surrounding Japan &apos;s economic outlook , given the potential impact of trade frictions and rising protectionism between China and the US on global demand .
&quot; the impact of such problems on Japan &apos;s economy is limited for the time being , &quot; Mr Kuroda said .
&quot; but how the problem persists is likely to have a greater impact on Japan &apos;s economy , &quot; he added .
&quot; there is a need for strong monetary easing on a sustained basis , taking into account both positive and negative effects in a balanced manner , &quot; Kuroda said .
while there has been an increase in the malaise of aggressive stimulus packages , such as long @-@ term low interest rates that erode the profitability of financial institutions , low inflation has forced the BOJ to maintain the program .
the Bank of Japan maintained monetary policy last month ; Mr Kuroda ruled out a recent rate hike in the face of the risks posed by the war end of global trade .
corporate logo on the Tesla electric car , Cardiff , USA , June 1 , 2018 .
under a settlement agreement , Tesla Motor and its chief executive , Maske , have agreed to pay a $ 20 million fine each to the financial regulator , and Maske will resign as chairman of the company but remain a CEO .
the settlement agreement will end two months of unrest in Tesla .
the securities fraud settlement , revealed by the Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday , will give investors a sigh of relief .
investors had feared that a protracted legal battle would only further hit the still @-@ losing electric car company .
the SEC sued Maske Thursday for fraud , saying its tweeting of August 7 misled investors .
Twitter said he was considering privatizing Tesla for $ 420 a share and had secured financing .
according to SEC , the tweets are actually groundless , and the market turmoil they have triggered has hurt investors .
investors and corporate governance experts say the deal could strengthen Tesla , which has been hard hit by Masque &apos;s recent behavior .
Steven Heim , head of asset management at Boston Comon , said the settlement should lead to more scrutiny of Maske and did not take &quot; destructive &quot; steps to drive him out of Tesla .
the asset management company owns shares in Panasonic , Tesla &apos;s battery maker .
under the proposed agreement , Tesla would have to appoint an independent chairman , two independent directors and a board of directors to set up controls over Masque &apos;s external communications .
&quot; it is in the best interest of our markets and our investors , including Tesla shareholders , that the matter be settled quickly on the agreed terms , &quot; SEC Chairman Clayton said in a statement .
Thursday &apos;s charges led to the evaporation of about $ 7 billion in the market value of Tesla , which stood at $ 45.2 billion at Friday , down from $ 47.5 billion at General Motors .
the SEC withdrew its claim in the settlement agreement to oust Maske from the helm of the company .
many investors say the punishment would be disastrous .
&quot; I think this is the best possible outcome for all concerned , &quot; said Ivan Feinseth of Tigrity Financial Partners , who gave Tesla a &quot; neutral &quot; rating and called the SEC &apos;s punishment &quot; light punishment &quot; for Masque .
&quot; it &apos;s important for Tesla that he remains CEO . &quot;
neither Musk nor Tesla acknowledged or denied the SEC &apos;s allegations in the settlement agreement and did not immediately respond to the request for comment .
the settlement agreement still needs to be approved by the court .
Beijing morning post ( reporter Wang ping ) a few days ago , the beijing morning post learned from beijing construction industry group that the beijing world park performing arts square project , one of the core buildings of the beijing world park park park park , will adopt for the first time a multicoloured ETFE jigsaw membrane structure , with 5,440 square meters of membrane structure showing six colors : deep red , dark green , orange , blue , red , and green , and showing the " butterfly wing " under the tension of the cable winch .
according to liu Changbao , responsible person of the beijing construction industry 's five - building group project , the construction area of the performing arts square project is 4,500 square meters , with a total amount of 1,182 tons of steel installed . the steel structure roof is supported by 26 suspension steel trusses , which are shaped as " butterfly wings " under the tension of the cable winch .
&quot; looking down from the sky over the performing arts square , the gorgeous roofs are like floral , dancing butterflies , and the bright colors will not fade over time , frost , rain and snow . &quot;
before that , monochrome ETFE membrane structure has been widely used in Bird &apos;s Nest , Water Cube , etc . , but the multi @-@ color jigsaw ETFE membrane structure is the first in China .
the reporter learned that because there are very few suppliers in the world who have the capability to produce various color membrane structures , every inch of membrane structure material is " precious . "
Liu Changbao said : in order to avoid problems such as overlap and " fighting " at the end of the cable , we will also innovate in using the " double ear " cable head structure to ensure that the " fighting " cable head bundle is in the correct position through specially designed fixed plugins .
the construction of the 2019 Beijing World Parks Park is under way .
among them , the International Pavilion Project has completed all the &quot; Parachute &quot; suspension construction .
it is planned that the works will be ready for display by the end of october .
overseas Chinese and Chinese around the world celebrate the 69th anniversary of the founding of the People &apos;s Republic of China
on the occasion of the 69 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china , overseas chinese and ethnic chinese held rich and colorful celebrations and jointly wished the motherland a better future .
on the evening of the 23 rd local time , the Australian association of chinese groups invited more than 500 overseas chinese and friendly people to Sydney .
while appreciating the exquisite performances of Chinese artists , the guests also enjoyed their hometown relatives .
Wu Changmao , chairman of the china association , said that china 's rapid progress and development make the chinese people abroad feel very proud .
2018 coincides with the bicentenary of the arrival of chinese in Macao . overseas chinese and ethnic chinese will continue to carry forward the fine traditions of the past 200 years , more actively integrate into mainstream society , serve as strong ties of friendship between china and australia , and make unremitting efforts for the economic development and social progress of the two countries .
on the same day , the Botswana China Association for the Promotion of Peace and Unity and the Chinese Charitable Foundation , the Botswana General Chamber of Commerce of Chinese Living Abroad and the Gaborone Support Centre jointly organized the &quot; 2018 Overseas Community Fellowship in Gaborone . &quot;
at the fraternity , the overseas chinese compatriots showed their " ability to look after their families . "
some of them sang praises for the birth of the motherland .
Hu yinwen , president of the Botswana chinese general chamber of commerce and director of the Gaborone china support center , said : while upholding the traditional virtues of the chinese nation and realizing their dream of life , the overseas chinese in Botswana have also made contributions to Botswana 's prosperity and won the respect of the local people .
he called on the overseas chinese compatriots in bosnia to seize the precious opportunity offered by the development of the motherland , set sail in the new era , and make new contributions .
over the past few days , china 's foreign offices have held national day receptions one after another .
Chinese ambassador to Thailand lu Jian and his wife held a reception in bangkok on the evening of 24 april local time .
nearly 1,000 overseas chinese , chinese - funded organizations , volunteer teachers , representatives of foreign students , prominent Thai personalities from all walks of life , and foreign diplomatic envoys in Thailand attended the meeting .
the guests at the meeting shared chinese food , and the atmosphere was warm and friendly .
on the evening of 26 june , local time , at a reception hosted by the chinese consulate general in los Angeles , the chinese consulate general and the china news agency jointly held a " photo exhibition of 40 years of reform and opening up in china , not forgetting that it was the first step forward . "
the exhibition captures the historical moments of china 's reform and opening up from 1978 to 2018 , and shows the tremendous achievements of reform and opening up and the development of sino - us relations .
&quot; I have been in America for 38 years , and I am very excited to see so many wonderful and historic pictures . &quot;
Zhang Xianghua , an american chinese entrepreneur and philanthropist , said that china 's achievements in reform and opening up are " really remarkable " and that as a chinese , he is sincerely proud of it .
Liu Yuanji , who works in Los Angeles &quot; after 90 , &quot; said most of the events recorded in the photos occurred before he was born and he did not understand them .
&quot; looking down slowly in chronological order , we feel that China is coming step by step and becoming stronger and stronger , which makes us especially excited in a foreign country , &quot; Liu Yuanji said .
many overseas chinese and ethnic chinese returned to china to take part in the celebration activities .
on the evening of 27 july , the 2018 " cultural china : global chinese concert " played at the beijing national grand theater , and overseas chinese were invited to watch the performance .
under the command of Italian chinese and the artistic director of the state grand theater lu jia , the classical repertoire was staged one after another , and amid the familiar melody and high - level interpretation , the overseas chinese were filled with emotion and excitement .
some people have traveled all over the motherland .
since the beginning of September , Dubai &apos;s expatriate Zhang Tao has flown 30,000 kilometers in 26 days , crossing 15 cities in six provinces from the westernmost part of China to the easternmost part of China .
he said to the chinanews reporter : " my motherland is vast and vast , and it is the most brilliant pearl on earth ! "
on October 1 , Zhang Tao returned to Dubai for official business .
Abe to conclude discussions on reshuffling Ganli 's cabinet at key LDP posts - chinanews
chinanews , Oct. 1 - Japanese prime minister Shinzo abe 's cabinet reshuffle and high - level personnel reshuffle on october 2 entered the final stage of discussion , according to a report by japan 's Kyodo news agency .
currently , Abe is coordinating the appointment of former economic regenerator Gamalim as chairman of the election strategy or general secretary of the party 's four key posts .
according to reports , relevant figures of the regime disclosed the above - mentioned information on the 1 st .
in the afternoon , abe held talks at his official residence with nazzin man , head of the Komeito party .
Yamaguchi demanded that Ishii , the land transportation minister from the Komeito Party , remain in office .
Abe said he would &quot; discuss it . &quot;
Yamaguchi revealed this to the media .
at his official residence at noon on the 1 st , abe met with komura Masahiko , vice president of the liberal democratic party , and asked for " continued help in the future " in revising the constitution .
Takamura is currently serving as a special adviser to the Party &apos;s constitutional reform headquarters .
it is understood that Ganli , as a promoter of &quot; Abenomics , &quot; assumed the role of economic regeneration in December 2012 , when he took office in the second Abenomics cabinet , but resigned in January 2016 in response to the money scandal .
he was chief of staff at Abe &apos;s electoral strategy headquarters in the party &apos;s presidential election .
around the party 's four key posts , abe intended to let the second - tier chief executive chun - bao and the chairman of the administrative investigation bureau , ashi wenxiong , continue to serve .
the general secretary , who is responsible for summing up discussions within the party on revising the constitution , and the selection of chairmen to direct next year 's senate elections will be the focus of attention .
with regard to the cabinet , it has been basically decided to maintain the political skeletons of deputy prime minister and finance minister Taro Aso and chief cabinet secretary Kan Yi - wei .
Ishii , who has served as president of the Komeito party 's political affairs department , became a cabinet member for the first time during the cabinet reshuffle in october 2015 . he has been in office for about three years .
Abe will decide on high - level personnel at the general meeting of the liberal democratic party on the morning of 2 april .
it is planned that the list of cabinet members will be announced in the afternoon , followed by a certification ceremony at the palace .
Shanghai , Sept . 30 - China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ) on Sunday officially issued revised &quot; Guidelines for the Governance of Listed Companies , &quot; which focus on further tightening restrictions on controlling shareholders , actual controllers and their related parties , paying more attention to the protection of small and medium @-@ sized investors and giving play to the role of institutions for the protection of small and medium @-@ sized investors , while actively drawing on international experience to promote the participation of institutional investors in corporate governance .
the securities regulatory commission pointed out that the revised guidelines cover the basic concepts and principles for the management of listed companies , the composition and operation of shareholders ' meetings , boards of directors , and boards of supervisors , the rights and obligations of directors , supervisors , and senior managers , the incentive and restraint mechanism for listed companies , and the standards of conduct for controlling shareholders and their affiliated parties .
the new guidelines also cover the participation of institutional investors and relevant institutions in corporate governance , the basic requirements of listed companies in terms of stakeholders , environmental protection and social responsibility , and information disclosure and transparency .
the revised guidelines require listed companies to implement innovative , coordinated , green , open and shared development concepts in corporate governance , increase the requirements for party building of listed companies , and strengthen the leading role of listed companies in environmental protection and social responsibility .
strengthen the role of the Board of Directors Audit Committee and establish a basic framework for environmental , social responsibility and corporate governance ( ESG ) disclosure .
in addition , in response to various concerns , the new guidelines also set new requirements for the stability of control in the governance of listed companies , the performance of independent directors , the evaluation and incentive and restraint mechanism of the listed company , and the strengthening of information disclosure .
the securities regulatory commission also pointed out that in accordance with the new guidelines , it will study and perfect relevant regulations , normative documents , and guide the stock exchanges , the china association of listed companies , and other self-regulatory organizations to formulate and revise relevant self-regulatory rules and gradually improve the system of rules governing listed companies .
at the same time , we should strengthen the training of listed companies , strengthen the consciousness of improving the management and standardizing the operation of listed companies , and constantly improve the quality of listed companies .
Chinese President Xi Jinping said Monday that China &apos;s doors will not be closed until they are wider and higher , and that the pace of pushing for higher levels of openness will not stop .
expanding imports is not an equity measure , but a long @-@ term consideration for the future , with imports of goods and services expected to exceed $ 30 trillion and $ 10 trillion , respectively , over the next 15 years .
in his keynote speech at the first china international import expo , Xi Jinping said : China will further reduce tariffs , speed up the development of new industries such as cross - border electric merchants , continue to relax market access , promote the opening up of service industries , and relax restrictions on the ratio of foreign capital to shares in education , medical , and other fields where the domestic market has a large gap .
China will protect the legitimate rights and interests of foreign - funded enterprises .
he said : China will pay close attention to studying and putting forward Hainan 's policy and system of building a free trade port in stages to speed up the process of exploring and building a free trade port with chinese characteristics . a new section of the Shanghai free trade zone will be added . a science and technology innovation board will be set up on the Shanghai stock exchange , and a registration system will be set up on a trial basis to support the development of regional integration in the chang Jiang delta and will be upgraded into a national strategy .
&quot; China &apos;s economy is a sea , not a small pond .
&quot; there are times when the wind is calm and there are times when there is a storm , &quot; Xi said . &quot; the storm can overturn small ponds , but not the sea .
after countless storms , the sea is still there !
after more than 5,000 years of hardship , China is still there !
facing the future , china will always be here ! "
he pointed out : economic globalization has suffered setbacks , multilateralism and a free trade system have been hit by many factors of instability , and the risks and challenges have increased . opening up and cooperation are an important driving force for strengthening international economic and trade cooperation . all countries should persist in opening up and integration , expand the space for mutually beneficial development , and strengthen macroeconomic coordination .
he stressed again that china will not close its doors , but will only open wider and wider , and the pace of pushing for a higher level of opening will not stop .
China will stimulate its import potential , conform to the trend of upgrading domestic consumption , adopt more active and effective measures , promote the increase of residents ' incomes , and cultivate middle and high - end consumption growth points .
China will respect international business practices and treat all types of enterprises registered in China on an equal footing .
China will protect the legitimate rights and interests of foreign @-@ funded enterprises , resolutely punish violations of the legitimate rights and interests of foreign businesses , especially intellectual property rights , improve the quality of intellectual property rights examination and examination efficiency , introduce a punitive compensation system , and significantly increase the cost of violating the law .
turning to china 's economic prospects , Xi Jinping said that judging from the main indicators of economic growth , employment , prices , international payments , enterprise profits , fiscal revenue , and labor productivity , china 's economic operations are all in a reasonable range , laying an important foundation for achieving the goals and tasks for the whole year .
compared with other major economies , China &apos;s economic growth remains among the highest in the world .
" the fundamentals of china 's healthy and stable economic development have not changed , the conditions of the factors of production that support high - quality development have not changed , and the overall momentum of long - term stability and good development has not changed . "
&apos;we can all be optimistic about the prospects for China &apos;s economic development , &apos; Mr. Xi said .
XI Jinping said : China 's macroeconomic regulation and control capability has been constantly strengthened , and china has many favorable conditions for maintaining a long - term , healthy , and stable economic development . at present , china 's economic development has also encountered prominent contradictions and problems , and measures are being taken to actively resolve them . the results have been and are showing .
&quot; we believe that as long as we maintain our strategic determination , deepen reform and opening up in an all @-@ round way and make great efforts to resolve the outstanding contradictions and problems , China &apos;s economy will certainly be able to accelerate its transition to a high @-@ quality development track , &quot; Xi said .
on 3 and 4 november , the " a CLASSIC TOUR classic world tour concert " opened at the wuyuan river cultural and sports center in Haikou for two nights in a row , with 86,000 spectators watching " song god " Zhang xueyou at the scene . Haikou police organized a total of more than 6,600 security forces to go all out to carry out law and order work at the scene and the surrounding areas . in the past two days , the Haikou police arrested 20 suspects and seized a number of fake documents , and seized more than 160 people .
during the concert , the main leaders of the Haikou city public security bureau directed and supervised traffic , public order , and other security work on the spot . all units and various types of police took part in the war police 's excellent style of continuous combat . they arrived on duty four hours ahead of schedule for two consecutive days to carry out solid security work , such as conducting explosion - proof security inspection , diverting traffic , maintaining order , and serving the masses .
due to the timely issuance of traffic advisories in advance , the rational division of parking areas , and the timely diversion of the surrounding roads , the concert closed at 65 minutes late on the 3 rd and 55 minutes late on the 4 th , with a total of more than 86,000 spectators and more than 20,000 vehicles leaving safely and orderly on the 2 th . the scene and the surrounding roads were in good order .
Indonesian earthquake and tsunami deaths rise to 420 , with no casualties among Chinese citizens reported
the death toll from the powerful earthquake and tsunami in Indonesia &apos;s central Sulawesi province has risen to 420 , the official news agency Antala news agency said at midnight local time , citing figures released by Wilem Rampangilei , head of the country &apos;s disaster relief agency .
the official said that this was only statistics for the city of Palu , the capital of central Sulawesi province , excluding Dungala district , where the epicenter of the earthquake was located , and the nearby Sigi district , where communications were still suspended and no casualties had been reported .
as many roads in Palu city were severely damaged , heavy machinery was difficult to access , and the search and rescue work was very difficult .
to ensure rescue , the airport of Palu , which was closed on the evening of the 28 th , was reopened on the night of the 29 th and all commercial flights were suspended . the reporter had already arranged the boarding pass for the flight from Jakarta to Palu that evening and the flight was cancelled .
after the earthquake and tsunami , the chinese embassy in indonesia used various channels to investigate and verify the situation of chinese citizens in the disaster areas .
to date , no casualties among Chinese citizens have been reported .
&quot; the supersonic project is being carried out in accordance with the plans of the International Group and the contract signed with the Ministry of Industry and Trade , &quot; said Separo , president of the Central Institute of Aeromatic Dynamics in Zhukovsky , Russia .
we believe that it will take two to three years for the technical demonstration to take place and another 10 to 15 years for the mass production of civilian aircraft to take place .
the problem facing russian scientists at present is how to strike a balance between the economy and the safety of the aircraft , Separo said .
he says supersonic aircraft are characterized by huge noise impacts .
Mr Separo said the institute was working with the Moscow Academy of Aviation and the Tupolev Design Bureau to develop a full range of civilian supersonic aircraft , including official and large passenger aircraft for commercial transport .
General secretary Xi Jinping delivered a very important speech at the forum for private enterprises , injecting firm confidence into the private economy as it moves toward a broader stage .
General secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that " letting entrepreneurs get rid of their ideological burdens and move forward lightly " has aroused strong resonance among the broad masses of entrepreneurs and innovative entrepreneurs .
market dynamism comes from people , especially entrepreneurs , and from entrepreneurship .
in the magnificent course of reform and opening up over the past 40 years , there have been tens of thousands of stories of entrepreneurs starting up and innovating , and the growth and growth of the entrepreneur group has constantly pushed forward china 's economic breakthroughs .
for some time now , some people in society have made some negative and suspicious remarks about the private economy .
the so - called " theory on the departure of the private economy " and the " new theory on public - private joint ventures " have aroused some entrepreneurs ' doubts and worries .
recently , some private enterprises have encountered many difficulties and problems in their operation and development .
for example , changes in the international economic environment have had an impact on some exporting enterprises ; rapid adjustments in the demand structure have led to transformative and escalating pressures ; and some policies have been uncoordinated , with policy effects overlapping or working in simple ways that have led to the opposite effect for some initially well @-@ intentioned policies , among others .
various factors are intertwined , the private economy is facing difficulties , some private enterprises are facing difficulties in their operations , and entrepreneurs have shown a lot of anxiety .
against this background , correcting erroneous understanding , removing the ideological burden of entrepreneurs , and letting enterprises concentrate on development are of particular practical significance . the government 's single - mindedness in promoting development has a bearing on market confidence and development expectations .
the forum again emphasized the important thesis of " three unchanged " : " the position and role of the non-public economy in china 's economic and social development have not changed ! "
in recent years , the party central committee has attached unprecedented importance to and provided institutional support for entrepreneurs , from profoundly promoting decentralization and establishing a power list system to creating an environment of rule of law that protects their legitimate rights and interests , creating a market environment of fair competition , and creating an atmosphere of respect for entrepreneurs throughout society .
the forum specifically proposed policies and measures to support the development and growth of private enterprises in six aspects , and launched a series of practical actions to work for the " light advance " of private enterprises .
all this has greatly encouraged the entrepreneur community and given more expectation to all sectors of society .
the key lies in putting the fog out of the way and putting the guidelines in place .
it is necessary to constantly create a better environment for the development of the private economy , help private enterprises solve difficulties in their development , and help them realize china 's economic restructuring and upgrading . it is necessary to let entrepreneurs feel fair in the market competition , feel safe in their legitimate operations , feel respect in social life , and stimulate innovative vigor and creative potential .
China 's economy has entered the process of moving toward high - quality development , requiring more entrepreneurs to display their aspirations , and providing more room and stage for entrepreneurs to develop their creativity .
we have reason to believe that with the further deepening of reform and the removal of obstacles , the private economy will usher in better development prospects and opportunities and move toward a broader stage .
China @-@ Singapore Network Realizes Online Verification of 46 Control Certificates in Inner Mongolia Import and Export Links
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhot , 5 Nov ( Xinhua ) -- the hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Inner Mongolia enterprises can use paperless means to declare relevant documents to the customs , avoiding the previous on @-@ site travel , paper applications , repeated submission and so on .
it has been learned that document preparation time refers to the preparation time for all kinds of documents required for the import and export links prior to customs declaration , and is a major factor affecting the overall customs clearance time . to reduce the customs clearance time and reduce the customs clearance cost , it is necessary to reduce the documents .
prior to this , there were 86 kinds of supervision documents that needed customs examination in the import and export links , involving 19 departments .
it has been learned that in accordance with the principle of " cancelling mergers and mergers and withdrawing from examination at ports " and relying on the " single window " platform for international trade , the customs and excise department has docked with the systems of 16 other license - issuing organs and interlinked data , thus realizing the goal of running more data and fewer enterprises running errands .
according to the customs , in the past , enterprises had to return to and from the relevant departments ' on - site offices to submit paper applications , and the process was long and the auditing status could not be tracked in real time .
enterprise users can now directly log on to the Single Window portal for online applications .
after the examination and approval of the issuing department , the certificate electronic data will be transmitted to the customs , and the customs declaration data will be automatically matched with the customs declaration data at the customs clearance stage . the results of the examination and verification will be reported to the enterprises through the " single window " in a unified way , and the entire process of supervising the declaration , examination , customs clearance , and feedback of documents will be handled online .
Han Ginseng chicken soup exports to china up 20 - fold in 4 years or related to the increase in empty nest youths - china - Singapore net
analysis of 20 @-@ fold increase in export of Han Ginseng chicken soup to China in 4 years : related to the increase of empty nest youth
South Korea &apos;s ginseng broth exports more than $ 100,000 to China last year , up about 20 times from 2013 , the South Korean news agency reported on Friday .
according to the analysis , this increase is related to the increase in the number of empty nesting youth in china leading to the hot sale of convenience food , and the increase in the attention paid by young people to nutritious food .
the figures were released by the korea agricultural and aquatic food circulation commune ( aT ) on the 5 th .
South Korean ginseng chicken soup exported $ 100.339 million to china last year , weighing 218.59 million kg , up 209.4 percent and 3,668.8 percent , respectively , over 2013 .
according to the analysis , the increase in the sale of ginseng chicken soup in south korea is related to the increase in the number of empty - nest youths leading to the hot selling of convenience food , and the increase in the interest of young people in nutritious food .
as of this year , one @-@ person households in China have surpassed the 200 million mark and are expected to rise to 30 per cent of the total population by 2020 , with local food companies targeting &quot; sole proprietors &quot; to launch various convenience foods .
in addition , the analysis also said that bird flu is the biggest factor preventing ginseng chicken soup from taking root in the chinese mainland market .
a t said that the bird flu epidemic in south korea between november 2016 and april last year led to a sharp drop in exports due to a comprehensive ban on the export of ginseng chicken soup to china .
Ginseng chicken soup exported $ 840,000 to China in 2016 , and exports plunged to $ 100,000 last year as a result of bird flu .
the first high - quality development forum of Anhui listed companies and the report of Anhui listed companies were held in Hefei city on the 30th .
Deng xiangyang , standing committee member of the Anhui provincial CPC committee and executive vice governor , said : this forum is aimed at building a comprehensive exchange platform for cross - border integration and integration of production and finance . it is of very strong practical significance to promoting the healthy growth of listed companies in Anhui , promoting the construction of the capital market , and building an innovative and modern industrial system .
Anhui will further strengthen the reserve stock of enterprises for listing on the stock market , promote the organic integration of leading industries , new industries , and capital markets in Anhui , actively cultivate listed resources , and give play to the role of listed companies as " leaders " in leading industrial upgrading and cultivating new energy for economic development .
Chen Xiang said : to promote economic restructuring and upgrade and achieve high - quality development in Anhui , it is urgently necessary for the listed companies in Anhui to improve their quality and improve efficiency and give play to the leading role of the geese .
it is hoped that this forum will be taken as the starting point to build a platform for the co - construction , sharing , and sharing of " government , industry , and research capital " and form a strategic alliance around listed companies and a " investment + investment bank " capital ecological circle .
Hefei , the provincial capital , is definitely ahead of the rest of the province in the number of 45 listed companies .
in terms of industry distribution , Anhui 's listed companies cover 13 industries , and nearly 70 percent of them are concentrated in manufacturing industries . the proportion of companies listed in strategic new industries and high - tech industries is low .
the largest animation festival in South America was held in Lima , Peru .
the event , held over four days by local anime fans in Peru , is expected to reach 100,000 visitors .
Japan &apos;s NHK TV reported November 5 , the anime festival activities , including the United States anime character display , popular Japanese animation &quot; Seven Dragon Pearl &quot; Spanish acoustic show , the Japanese anime theme song karaoke competition , anime role play competition , and so on .
the high tide of the meeting room was unusually high .
in the animation role @-@ playing competition , some children dressed up as adult Japanese animated characters and reappeared when the characters appeared , the spectacular performance won warm applause from the audience .
Peruvian cable channels and so on have been broadcasting Japanese anime works since two years ago , which has made more and more local people like Japanese animation . some couples have even given their newborn babies the name of anime characters , as can be seen from the tremendous impact of Japanese anime culture .
repair arrangements for facilities damaged by typhoon at the entrance of komes secondary school
in recent days , some members of the public have expressed concern over the repair arrangements for some of the facilities at the entrance of our chinese and portuguese secondary schools that were damaged by the " mountain bamboo " attack , and the bureau has been closely monitoring and following up .
following the attack , the school immediately contacted the engineering maintenance company for follow - up action .
upon inspection by the engineering staff , it was determined that the damaged part of the entrance was still intact and did not affect the use of the entrance .
to repair the damaged parts as soon as possible , the school has immediately started the award process for the repair works , which will be carried out in sequence within this week .
meanwhile , schools have arranged emergency maintenance companies to take necessary temporary measures to ensure the safety of the campus environment .
on 29 september , the " 2018 philippines ' first HSK overseas study and employment exhibition " opened at the guangqi school in manila , capital of the philippines . thirteen famous chinese universities , including Tsinghua university , joined hands for the first time to recruit staff from seven chinese - funded enterprises in the philippines , including china electric construction , and china international airlines .
the " 2018 philippines ' first HSK overseas study and employment exhibition " opened on the 29 th at the guangqi school in manila , capital of the philippines . thirteen famous chinese universities , including Tsinghua university , joined hands for the first time to recruit staff from seven chinese - funded enterprises in the philippines , including china electric construction , and china international airlines .
Tsai artistic , vice chairman of the Philippine chinese education center , said that since its establishment in 1994 , the Philippine chinese education center has held 29 chinese proficiency examinations and four chinese proficiency examinations , with a total of 47,000 people taking part in the examinations .
in order to make the vast number of chinese learners in the philippines successful and useful in their studies , the first HSK overseas study and employment exhibition was held this year under the guidance of the headquarters of the Confucius institute / state han - run chinese examination international .
the Philippines pioneered the HSK Overseas Employment Exhibition Chinese universities join hands to enroll on the spot .
with more than 25,000 people taking part in the HSK test in 2017 , the Philippines has become one of the countries with the largest number of HSK test takers , said Liu Xiaolong , manager of the International Examinations Department at Confucius College / National Han Office .
he expressed the hope that chinese - speaking Filipino learners would have the opportunity to have face - to - face exchanges with the teachers of china 's first - rate universities and expand the sources of overseas students of china 's famous colleges and universities .
in his speech , Tolentino AQUINO , deputy director of the education department of the Philippine capital , said that with the introduction of more chinese language courses in public schools in the manila region , chinese language has become a very useful skill as the philippines - china relations enter the best period in history , and that china 's well - known institutions of higher learning will certainly promote educational cooperation between the two countries .
a total of 1,304 candidates from 10 schools in Metro Manila and 25 from the community sat for the HSK Level 2 to Level 6 test .
Qinghua university 's admissions office , teacher liu yuting , told zxs reporters that many Filipino students are prepared to show interest in Qinghua 's economic management , computer , and medical specialties .
he said that HSK scores above grade 5 Filipino students , can log on to the school &apos;s official website for the net .
chinanews . Com reporters saw at the exhibition stand of southwest financial and economic university that 14 students had left their intention to apply for the examination before 10 : 00 .
Ms. Bai Qiaoyan , who is in charge of enrollment , said that the university offers six kinds of scholarships to overseas students , the highest of which are chinese state government scholarships ( Ph.D. ) , exemption from paying tuition fees , provision of accommodation , and a monthly living allowance of 3,500 yuan .
Qin shanghai , dean of the institute of international education of china 's ocean university , told reporters that marine science , marine life , marine geology , aquaculture , and utilization of marine living resources are the special subjects of the university .
China has a long coastline , the Philippines is a land of thousands of islands , marine scientific research needs , can complement each other .
Tongji University Foreign Student Office Director Yu Yu said Tongji University has several of the world &apos;s top majors , including civil engineering , marine , management and so on and the Philippines needs docking .
four Filipino students are currently studying at the school .
on - the - spot recruitment of Chinese - funded enterprises , are well - known in the Philippines for many years .
Southern Airways received three resumes that day .
China Electric Power Philippines representative office to recruit company clerks , plant site management , power plant construction engineers and so on .
&quot; it is hoped that Filipino students will go to China to study specifically , such as studying Chinese welding technology , and come back to China to participate in the country &apos;s &quot; special construction &quot; program , &quot; Zhao Changjie , the representative office , suggested .
us warships approach south china sea island reef again
U. S. Navy destroyer USS Decatur sails into the waters near Beijing &apos;s claimed islands in the South China Sea on the eve of China &apos;s National Day , US officials revealed Sunday .
us destroyer USS Decatur sails within 12 nautical miles of South Lavender and Johnson Reef in the Nansha Islands , according to a report by the Central News Agency .
the official said that the united states carries out routine and regular free - navigation missions and will continue to do so in the future , just as it has done in the past .
the report also says US President Donald Trump is accusing Beijing of attempting to interfere in the US congressional elections and putting pressure on Beijing on behalf of Washington into a new phase .
this follows the entry of two US naval vessels into the waters off China &apos;s claimed islands in the South China Sea in May .
comments from Washington say the move could irritate China at a time when China @-@ US relations are tense .
Washington , Nov. 5 ( Reuters ) - The United States renewed sanctions on Iran &apos;s oil and financial sector on Monday , putting more pressure on Iran to limit its missile and nuclear programs and contain its growing military and political influence in the Middle East .
the move would restore the sanctions lifted by the United States under the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement and add 300 new targets to Iran &apos;s oil , shipping , insurance and banking sectors .
details of the sanctions will be announced by Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and Finance Minister Steven Mnuchin at a press conference on 1330 GMT .
the United States says it will temporarily allow eight importers to continue buying Iranian oil , including major buyers of Iranian oil such as China , India , South Korea , Japan and Turkey , to ensure crude oil prices remain stable .
U. S. officials say those countries will put money paid to Iran into a custody account .
a few days ago , the general office of the ministry of education issued a " circular on the progress of rectification and reform of special management actions for out - of - school training institutions throughout the country . " as of 15 october 2018 , there were 400,532 out - of - school training institutions and 272,175 problem - ridden institutions nationwide , and 83,510 have been rectified and reformed , with a completion rate of 30.68 percent .
of the 6,611 institutions in Heilongjiang province that discovered problems , 2,178 have been rectified and rectified , with a completion rate of 32.95 percent .
according to the spirit of the " opinions on standardizing the development of out - of - school training institutions " issued by the general office of the state council , in order to do a good job in the work of special - purpose management and reform of out - of - school training institutions , and to ensure that the tasks of rectification and reform are completed by the end of the year , all provincial education administrative departments should study and perfect Taiwan 's accounts according to the standards and speed up the rectification and reform of accounts , and the county - level education administrative departments should , on the basis of pre - school training institutions should set up the rectification and rescheduling schedule .
those who meet the setting standards or pass the rectification and acceptance criteria shall be included in the white list and announced to the public in a timely manner .
in order to prevent parents and students from being misled and to eliminate ahead - of - standard training and false propaganda , in accordance with the principles of brevity , intuition , accuracy , and standardization , according to the students ' grades , participating disciplines , and naming the names of the classes of courses , all training institutions should submit the names , contents of the training courses , targets for enrollment , progress arrangements , and time of classes to the county - level education departments for examination and approval , and the county - level education departments should promptly complete the filing and publish them to the society .
classes that have not passed the examination and approval of the record may not be accepted for training .
teachers who have strictly mastered the qualifications of teachers and who are engaged in training in Chinese , Mathematics , English , Physics , Chemistry , Biology and other subjects shall have the corresponding qualifications .
the Fujian provincial flood prevention office announced on the 30th that in view of the fact that typhoon no. 24 " Tammy " has basically ended its impact on Fujian 's coastal and maritime areas , according to the " Fujian provincial flood prevention and control station wind emergency plan , " the emergency response to typhoon prevention will be terminated at 10 : 00 a.m . on the 30th , and all relevant localities will be able to resume normal production and living order in a timely manner .
Typhoon " Tammei " started to turn around at noon on the 29 th . it moved in a northeastern direction , gradually moving away from Fujian province . at 0800 on the 30 th , the center of the typhoon was located about 140 kilometers east - south of Kagoshima , japan .
as a result , the Fujian meteorological station lifted the " maritime gale warning no. 3 " at 0800 hours on the 30th .
before that , in order to prevent typhoon " tam Mei , " Fujian had evacuated 268 fishing boats and transferred 2,282 women and children from fishing platoons as of 11 : 00 a.m . on 28 august .
China , Vietnam hold flag raising ceremony to mark national day
&quot; it would be more shocking to see such a magnificent flag @-@ raising ceremony in the frontier than to watch the flag @-@ raising ceremony on the mainland . &quot;
on the morning of 1 january , Mr. Zhang , who had come to the estuary port of Yunnan on the sino - Vietnamese border from Sichuan , together with more than 500 officers and men , resident people , and chinese and foreign tourists , watched the national flag raising ceremony to celebrate the 69 th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china .
Hekou Port is the largest port in Yunnan section of the border between China and Vietnam . it is located in Hekou County , Honghe County , Yunnan Province .
with the continuous deepening of the construction of the National &quot; Belt and Road , &quot; as one of the most convenient links between China and Southeast Asia , the entry and exit flow of estuary ports has grown steadily .
at 7 : 30 a.m . on the same day , just out of the corner of the sun , the estuary 's restricted area gathered early local people and chinese and foreign tourists at estuary to watch the flag raising ceremony .
at 0745 hours , when the flag @-@ raising ceremony started on time , the members of the guard of honor at the State Gate at the Estuary border checkpoint were vivacious and took a vigorous step to escort the flag to the flag @-@ raising platform .
after the commander gave the order to raise the national flag , the flag - raiser vigorously waved his arms and drew an arc . the bright five - star red flag spread like an " eagle spreading its wings , " and the magnificent melody of the national anthem rose slowly .
" holding national day flag raising ceremonies at every time node of great significance , such as new year 's day , spring festival , and national day , not only shows china 's image , but also inspires the patriotic feelings of the people of various nationalities in the border areas . "
the officers and men of the honor guard who attended the flag - raising ceremony said so .
it has been learned that the Guomen honor guard responsible for the flag raising ceremony at the estuary port is composed of more than 40 officers and men from various posts at the estuary border checkpoint . from the three - person flag raising group to the large - scale honor guard , this contingent has gone through more than 60 years of history and has carried out more than 70 state - level foreign affairs courtesy missions since its establishment .
the newly revised personal income tax law revised the criteria for the determination of individual income tax residents in China from one year to 183 days .
in order to maintain policy stability , china 's ministry of finance and the state administration of taxation said on the 30 th that when implementing the new personal income tax law , they will consider continuing to make preferential arrangements for people from abroad , including those from hong kong , Macao , and Taiwan .
the person in charge said : the current regulations on the implementation of the personal income tax law have special preferential provisions for tax payment by persons outside china . individuals who have no domicile in china but who have resided for more than one year and less than five years may pay personal income tax only for part of the income they receive from units or individuals inside china .
those paid abroad are not required to pay personal income tax within China .
the Ministry of Finance , the State Administration of Taxation , the State Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce also issued a circular to expand the scope of application of the policy of withholding advance income tax from foreign investors for direct investment in the distribution of profits .
the scope of application of the policy of withholding pre @-@ mentioned income tax on foreign investors &apos; distribution of profits from resident enterprises in China for domestic direct investment for the time being shall be extended from foreign @-@ funded incentive projects to all projects and fields not prohibited from foreign investment .
during the 73rd session of the United Nations General Assembly , some positive messages were released on the Korean Peninsula issue .
South Korean President Wen Jiabao relayed North Korea &apos;s &quot; irreversible &quot; nuclear renunciation and said US President Donald Trump and North Korea &apos;s top leader Kim Jong @-@ un could meet before the end of the year .
the State Department then said Secretary of State Pompeo would visit North Korea in October to advance the implementation of the commitments made by the US and North Korean leaders at their meeting in Singapore .
since the beginning of this year , the DPRK and rok have broken the ice and opened the road of dialogue . leaders of the DPRK and rok and the DPRK and the united states have held meetings . the general trend of easing the situation on the peninsula has continued , and the principle of dialogue to resolve the Korean peninsula issue has also been upheld .
first , the point that " the essence of the Korean peninsula issue is a security issue " has not changed . to realize peace on the peninsula , the key lies in properly and well resolving the legitimate security concerns of all sides , rather than simply putting pressure on the other side and persistently emphasizing its own claims .
second , during the dialogue on realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula , the parties concerned still held different views on the steps and modalities for realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula . due to the long - standing lack of political trust between the DPRK and the united states , the game thinking of " who is first and who is next " remained strong .
at the recent open meeting of the un security council on the Korean peninsula , held at the un headquarters in new york , different voices on the issue of sanctions against the DPRK once again highlighted that these two points " have not changed . "
us secretary of state Pompeau insists that sanctions against the DPRK will not be lifted until the Korean peninsula is completely denuclearized .
Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov , on the other hand , stressed the principle of " action in response to action , " saying : " the trend of weakening sanctions should be the same as the steps taken by the DPRK in gradually abandoning its nuclear program . "
there is no doubt that the parties concerned should continue to fully , completely and accurately implement the Security Council resolutions relating to the Democratic People &apos;s Republic of Korea , but pressure is not an end in itself , and the implementation of sanctions and the promotion of a political settlement are demands of the Council resolutions , and there is no alternative .
just as Wang Yi , chinese state councilor and foreign minister , said , in view of the current positive developments in DPRK - rok and DPRK - us relations , the chinese side believes it is necessary for the security council to consider initiating reversible clauses in due course so as to encourage the DPRK and all parties concerned to take greater steps toward denuclearization .
in retrospect , the denuclearization of the peninsula and every progress in the peace process require sufficient political courage on all sides .
at present , in the face of the increasingly high expectations of the international community for the promotion of a political solution to the Korean peninsula issue , all parties concerned should , in particular , display political courage , make political decisions , implement commitments , resolve difficult problems , continue to take steps toward one another , advance the process of denuclearization of the peninsula in parallel with the establishment of a peace mechanism on the peninsula , and jointly create permanent peace on the peninsula .
the Hukou waterfall scenic spot in linfen city , Shanxi province , will maintain a relatively high water level during the national day and will not meet the conditions for opening .
to ensure safety , the scenic spots are temporarily closed during the National Day .
Hukou Falls of Yellow River is the second largest waterfall in China , the largest yellow waterfall in the world .
the Yellow River runs to this point , the two sides of the strait rocky cliff , the mouth of the river as narrow as the mouth of a kettle , forming the &quot; Yellow River a kettle &quot; spirit .
according to this reporter , every june - october is the flood season of the yellow river . starting from july 12 , 2018 , due to the high water level of the yellow river , the Hukou scenic area of the yellow river in Shanxi began to be closed one after another . therefore , the Hukou scenic area has been closed for nearly a month .
Ni yufeng , chief engineer of the hukou scenic spot management committee , told the media that this is the longest time in the past 20 years that the water level in the Yellow river has lasted for the longest time . " we have not had such a long time before . in 2017 , our flood season will be closed for four days , and this year will be nearly a month . "
it has been learned that originally , in order to prepare for the golden week of 11 november , the hukou waterfall scenic area of the huanghe river in Shanxi had increased personnel arrangements and vehicle maintenance ahead of schedule , and even temporary personnel had been hired .
according to the " circular on doing a good job in flood prevention in the yellow river during the national day period " issued by the " office of the general headquarters for flood prevention and drought control of the yellow river , " inner mongolia , Shanxi , Shaanxi , Henan , and Shandong provinces are required to do a good job in flood prevention work in the yellow river during the national day .
at present , the main flow of the Yellow River is relatively large , with upstream flow maintained at 2,000 @-@ 3,000 cubic metres per second , middle @-@ stream flow maintained at 2,500 @-@ 3,500 cubic metres per second and downstream flow maintained at 3,000 cubic metres per second .
provision of Influenza Vaccination Services at Health Centres and Health Centres during National Day Holidays
the Health Bureau has ordered 150,000 doses of the four @-@ priced influenza vaccine for 2018 @-@ 2019 this year . at this stage , priority is given to high @-@ risk groups . to facilitate residents to vaccinate against influenza during the holidays , the Health Centres and Health Centres of the Health Bureau provide vaccination services from 9 : 00 a.m. to 1 : 00 noon on National Day ( 1 and 2 October ) .
in addition to the above @-@ mentioned convenience measures , the health centres and health posts of the Health Bureau have extended their influenza vaccination service from Monday to Friday to 8 p.m. As at 4 : 00 p.m. on September 30 , 4,158 people have been vaccinated , up from 3,714 in the same period last year .
free vaccinations are provided to the following Macao residents : persons aged 6 months to under 18 , persons aged 50 and over , pregnant women , all patients with chronic diseases , including obese persons ( i.e. persons with BMI of 30 or more ) , as well as staff of institutions , nurseries , kindergartens , primary schools , secondary schools , all health workers , and Macao residents working in gambling and entertainment establishments .
at the same time , other persons deemed necessary by the Health Bureau , including the public sector , will actively contact the relevant institutions to obtain the list and arrange for the vaccination at the Health Centre .
to facilitate vaccinators and reduce the waiting time for vaccination , the Health Bureau will send health care workers to our secondary schools , primary schools , kindergartens and nurseries from October to December this year to provide group vaccination against influenza to children , small and medium @-@ sized children , teachers and staff . in addition , it will arrange group vaccinations in residential care homes for the elderly , the public sector or other institutions with a large number of people .
students and young children who are unable to take part in group vaccinations may , as of December 3 , 2018 , obtain a Macao Resident Identity Card , Health Bureau User Card , Influenza Vaccination Card ( if any ) , Student Identity Card , Employee Identity Card or Occupational Document at the Count of Renmin General Hospital inoculation Station or Health Centre .
the Health Bureau reminds residents that between September 2017 and August 2018 , persons who have been vaccinated against influenza 2017 @-@ 2018 will still need to be vaccinated against the new season of influenza from September 2018 , as the Northern Hemisphere flu vaccine for 2018 @-@ 2019 contains an updated version of the influenza antigen targeting the Northern Hemisphere for the winter of 2018 @-@ 2019 and the summer of 2019 .
the peak period of influenza in Macau usually occurs between January and March each year . it is later than in temperate areas ( such as northern China and Japan ) . the Health Bureau urges the elderly , children , pregnant women , obese people and people with chronic diseases , who are at higher risk of complications after infection , to be vaccinated as soon as possible .
chinanews , september 30 ( chinanews ) the NBA 's defending champion , Raul Deng , who joined the wolves in the summer , helped the team to take a victory away from home in a fierce battle at home this morning .
in the first quarter , Forest Wolf took the lead in winning the ball , and Rose hit the first goal in the game .
the Warriors &apos;Jones snapped the buckle in response .
later , Kuri Durant hit the ball , Rose and Tiger also feel hot hands , the two sides began to open a riot .
the first session is over , Warrior 36 : 37 Forest Wolf .
the second section , the rotation of the lineup , both teams hit the rate of decline .
the warrior beat the score by scoring in a few baskets .
then they hit a small 8 : 1 climax and pulled back the score .
the Forest Wolf was sustained by Tiger and Dants .
half the battle , Warrior 71 : 65 Forest Wolf .
easy to fight again , a wave of warriors 5 : 0 to stop the Wolves .
pause back , the warrior has been holding a 10 - point lead .
in the second half of the third quarter , the substitute lineup , the Wolves began to pursue points .
a wave 16 : 3 after the small climax , the Forest Wolf 94 : 92 anti - warrior concluded the third quarter .
in the fourth quarter , the Wolves came up with another 6 @-@ 0 draw , while the Warrior Drexon hit two points and three points to help the team stop the decline .
the Forest Wolf New Helper Raul Dunlene scored 6 points and hit the key basket . at last , the Forest Wolf beat the Warrior by 114 : 110 .
in terms of numbers , Curie scored 21 points and 4 assists in 20 minutes , Thompson scored 17 points out of 3 , Durant 16 points and Drexon substituted 10 points .
six Forest Wolves scored double , Tiger 17 , Rose 16 , Tuliver 15 , Dants 12 and Wiggins 11 .
on the evening of 29 september , the reporter learned from the propaganda department of the qingbaijiang district CPC committee in Chengdu : on the evening of 29 september beijing time , a central european class ( Chengdu ) loaded with automotive connectors , telescopes , and liquid crystal display screens passed through the Semianovka port in Poland to exchange , transfer , and finally arrived at Nuremberg , Germany .
this is the first time that china and central europe have opened the Semianovka port line in Poland , marking the successful opening of another european transport line after mara and Jop in central europe .
the china - eu flight started at Chengdu 's qingbaijiang city box station on 14 september . it left the country through the Alaska pass and entered europe through the Semianovka port in Poland . it eventually arrived at Nuremberg , Germany , for a total of about 16 days .
this is the first time that china and europe have changed trains for broad and standard tracks .
the opening of this port has effectively solved the long - term operation and long - term problems caused by the current congestion at the Malay port , raised the time limit for the transportation of the liner , provided a new solution to the congestion problem at the Malay port , further improved the transportation capacity and efficiency of the hinterland in western china to the european mediterranean market , and laid a solid foundation for the development of the sino - european lineup of the european market .
more than 400 people have been confirmed dead in a 7.5 @-@ magnitude earthquake Friday in the Indonesian island of Sulawesi , many of them swept away by the tsunami caused by the quake .
authorities expect the total number of deaths on Sunday to rise sharply as new data are reported from remote areas .
dozens of people are reportedly still trapped under the ruins of a hotel and a shopping mall in Baru .
the city of Baru was hit by waves as high as six meters ( 20 feet ) high .
so far , only the death toll from Baru has been reported , and the death toll in Dungra , north of Baru , has been slow , and the authorities are preparing for a worse situation .
Dungera , with a population of 300,000 , is closer to the epicenter of the earthquake .
Indonesian Vice President Kara says the total number of deaths could rise to thousands .
hundreds of people gathered on the beach to celebrate the holiday when the huge waves hit the shore at nightfall on Friday . many were washed away and everything was ruined wherever they went .
Tokyo ( Reuters ) - The confidence of Japan &apos;s biggest manufacturers hit its lowest level in more than a year in the September quarter , according to a quarterly survey released Monday by the Bank of Japan , as companies felt pressure from rising raw @-@ material costs and a series of natural disasters that affected production .
the survey shows little evidence that escalating global trade frictions are dampening the confidence of large manufacturers .
but the risk of a full @-@ blown trade war has hit business prospects and could threaten corporate capital spending .
active capital spending is a bright spot in Japan &apos;s economy .
the survey raises questions about the Bank of Japan &apos;s view that robust economic expansion will help accelerate inflation to the 2 % target , despite signs that companies are shifting costs to customers .
&quot; with the global trade war causing concern , manufacturers &apos; confidence is stagnating as exports slow and factory production weakens , &quot; said Nan Wushi , chief researcher at the Golden Complex Institute in Agriculture and Forestry .
&quot; confidence is still high , and because corporate profits are improving and prices are rising , I don &apos;t think confidence will continue to fall , &quot; he said .
a short survey showed that in september , the index of judging of the large manufacturing economy dropped from a positive 21 three months ago to a positive 19 , worsening for the third consecutive quarter .
the median market estimate is positive 22 .
for the first time in eight quarters , the Large Non @-@ Manufacturing Competitiveness Index fell to 22.0 in September from 24.0 in June .
Reuters survey was positive 22 .
the survey showed that the average of the indices for both large manufacturing and non - manufacturing sectors remained stable in december .
the Nikkei Nikkei Nikkei rose Monday to a 27 @-@ year high as the continued depreciation of the yen helped improve the export earnings prospects of Japanese companies .
capital spending is robust .
despite the decline in business confidence , the latest short @-@ term outlook highlights the robustness of corporate capital spending plans , thanks to renewed capacity and increased investment in robotics and automation to cope with labor shortages caused by an ageing population .
a short @-@ term survey by the central bank shows that large companies plan to increase their capital spending by 13.4 % for the fiscal year ending March 2019 .
this compares with 13.6 per cent in the previous short @-@ term survey .
Mr Namuchi said all corporate capital spending plans were growing by 8.5 per cent this fiscal year , close to the pace of Japan &apos;s bubble @-@ economy era .
&quot; there is room for further growth in capital spending in the light of higher profit forecasts for small businesses from now on , but much depends on the impact of the trade war on business confidence , &quot; he said .
the short @-@ term survey , which showed an increase in the ability of firms to pass on costs , and the positive 7 of the large enterprise output price index , the highest in a decade , are encouraging signs of progress in Japan &apos;s efforts to counter deflation .
the index measuring employment in large enterprises reached minus 23 , the highest level since 1992 , highlighting the tightening of the labour market .
benefiting from strong corporate spending , Japan &apos;s economy rebounded in the second quarter from the January @-@ March contraction .
but the prospect of Japan &apos;s export @-@ dependent economy is overshadowed by rising trade frictions and natural @-@ disaster disruptions to the supply chain in the summer .
in dollar terms , exports and imports of services grew by 16.4 per cent .
in January @-@ August , imports and exports of emerging services surpassed $ 1 trillion , growing faster than overall , according to a spokesman for the Department of Trade and Industry , quoted in a press release on the Ministry of Commerce website .
of this , the total value of imports and exports of new services was 1.138 trillion yuan , up 20.9 percent , 10.4 percentage points higher than the overall growth rate of imports and exports of services , and nearly 3 percentage points higher than that of new services .
in terms of services exports , from january to august , service exports continued the rapid growth momentum since the beginning of this year , with exports growing at 5.7 percentage points faster than imports .
the top three areas of growth were telecommunications computers and information services , personal cultural and entertainment services , and insurance services , with growth rates of 61.1 percent , 38.8 percent and 26.5 percent , respectively .
the head of the department also pointed out that the proportion of imports of new services also gradually increased from january to august .
from january to august , imports of new services grew rapidly , accounting for 23.6 percent of imports of services , up 1.6 percentage points over the same period last year .
among them , imports of financial services , intellectual property rights , telecommunications computers , and information services all grew by over 20 percent , at 47.1 percent , 23.3 percent , and 23.2 percent , respectively .
Cecilia : Macy substitutes to enter the game to help equalize the Barcelona league three rounds unbeaten .
Barcelona &apos;s seventh @-@ round home game against Bilbao took place last night , with de Marcos scoring a lead in the first half and Messi &apos;s second @-@ half substitute attacking Munir equalizing the game , which ended in a 1 @-@ 1 draw , after which Barcelona lost three rounds .
this battle , Messi , Buzketts .
seeing the score lagging behind , Messi made his second half substitute .
Barcelona , which escaped three rounds of the tournament and failed to win a win at Real Madrid , still topped the table with a net win , though only one point short of the third place behind Sevilla .
overseas Travellers Blessed China : China Strong My Pride - China New Zealand Network
the words " china " have become increasingly important in the international arena because of economic development and the strengthening of national strength .
all this is all the more deeply felt by overseas chinese .
the reform and opening up of the motherland has been so successful that we overseas chinese feel very happy , so this is very proud , and i hope that our motherland will become stronger and stronger .
every time I return home , the domestic changes are very big , and more and more artists come out to spread Chinese culture . I think this change is very big .
the reform and opening up of our country is absolutely a miracle of the world .
compared with the past , our current association in Canada says it &apos;s a great honor for us to be Chinese .
we are very proud of our motherland &apos;s efforts over the years .
many foreign friends have also expressed their admiration for china 's strength and the feeling of being a tourist abroad .
they also sent their own blessings to china and the chinese people .
I think China is one of the most fascinating cultures and civilizations in the world , and I wish the friendship between China and the United Arab Emirates more lasting prosperity in the future .
best wishes to all Chinese because you are wonderful .
living and working in China , you have helped me . I hope you are all right .
make the world a better place , just as you are doing now .
when I meet new Polish friends and tell them I study Chinese , they will say you must be able to find a job right .
as a matter of fact , China has developed very well in recent years and has made me happy .
happy National Day to the Chinese people !
oil prices or ushered in the &quot; three consecutive rises &quot; national day self @-@ driving travel can be filled ahead of time .
chinanews , beijing , september 30 ( reporter Qiu yu ) at 2400 hours on september 30 , a new round of price adjustment window for refined oil products will be opened simultaneously with the national day holiday .
many organizations predict that oil prices will rise sharply to realize the " three consecutive increases . "
car owners who plan to drive by themselves can fill up their cars with fuel before prices rise .
according to the data from the rummage information measurement , it is expected that the corresponding increase in domestic refined oil output will be about 190 yuan per ton , and that of Zhuo chong information measurement will be about 220 yuan per ton .
in September , oil prices had been revised upwards twice : on 3 September , gasoline was moved upwards by 180 yuan / ton , diesel by 170 yuan / ton , and on 17 September , gasoline was moved upwards by 145 yuan / ton and diesel oil was moved upwards by 145 yuan / ton .
domestic oil prices are linked to international oil prices , which have risen since the current price cycle , and Brent crude oil has gone beyond the $ 80 threshold and continued to probe .
the U.S. WTI crude closed at $ 1.13 at $ 73.25 a barrel as of Sept . 28 .
Brent crude oil futures closed up $ 1.0 at $ 82.72 a barrel .
" judging from the international situation , the united states ' sanctions against iran and other tense sentiments have multiplied , and the overall trend of oil prices has been rather strong . subsequently , the OPEC production reduction meeting explicitly refused to increase production , gave market confidence , and steadily moved oil prices up . "
Zhuo Chuang information products analyst Zang Wengang said .
on the retail side , the current petrol prices at CNPC and Sinopec gas stations are 7.66 yuan per litre and 8.15 yuan per litre , respectively .
according to li Yan , a leading information analyst , there has not been much change in the retail sales strategy of petrol stations . at present , the concessions at major stations , such as Sinopec , range from 0.5 yuan to 0.7 yuan per litre , while the concessions at private gas stations range from 0.5 yuan to 1.2 yuan per litre .
&quot; the retail price is about to rise &quot; three times , &quot; or about 0.14 @-@ 0.16 yuan , suggesting that owners of private cars fill up with oil before the National Day holiday , &quot; Li said .
teachers chastisement of primary school students for doing wrong problems
in response to the incident in which a pupil in Suining was physically punished by a teacher for doing the wrong thing , the official microblog of the Heidong new district management committee of Suining city issued a circular yesterday , saying that it had been verified that Luo XX , a teacher of Suzhou primary foreign language school , had physically punished a pupil . he had been transferred from his post and that the school involved was disqualified from the annual " evaluation of excellence . "
a few days ago , parents reported that girls in the sixth grade of a primary school in Suining were beaten by class maths teachers at school for doing wrong problems , causing widespread concern .
afterwards , the social undertakings bureau of the new district of Heidong in Suining city set up an investigation team to investigate , inquire into , collect evidence on the spot , and transfer the teachers involved from their posts .
yesterday , Suining Heidong New District Management Committee issued an official Weibo information circular , Suzhou foreign language primary school teacher Luo XX verified the situation of corporal punishment of students .
through research , the end @-@ of @-@ year examination of Suzhou Foreign Languages Primary School &quot; one vote rejected &quot; , annulled the annual &quot; merit evaluation &quot; qualification .
the circular also said : we should conduct collective commandment talks with the administrative team of the Suzhou foreign language primary school , handle the leaders and class leaders according to the relevant regulations , severely punish the teachers involved , and order the Suzhou foreign language primary school to carry out an in - depth inspection and carry out construction activities for teachers and moral teachers , and take practical measures to prevent the recurrence of such incidents .
at the same time , schools should take the initiative to communicate with students &apos; parents and properly handle follow @-@ up work .
69th International Astronautical Congress opens in Germany - China @-@ Singapore Network
Xinhua news agency , Bremen , Germany , october 1 ( reporter ren yirong ) the 69th international aerospace congress opened on october 1 at the Bremen convention and exhibition center in Germany , attended by more than 6,300 astronauts , representatives of space agencies and enterprises , experts , scholars , and young students from all over the world .
speaking at the opening ceremony , Jean @-@ Yves Logar , President of the International Astronautical Federation , said that the global space industry was no longer a small number of countries and institutions , and that the number of participants had increased significantly since the previous session , indicating that more and more institutions and individuals were joining in .
he called on all countries to strengthen cooperation and innovation and jointly promote the development of the space industry .
Zhang kejian , vice minister of china 's ministry of industry and information technology and director of the state space administration , briefed the guests on china 's space program , saying that china will expand international cooperation in the field of aerospace and make contributions to mankind 's space undertakings .
representatives of the china aerospace science and technology corporation , the china aerospace science and technology corporation , and other relevant organizations , as well as some private enterprises , attended the meeting and showed the latest achievements of china 's aerospace industry , including various types of carrier rockets , satellites , and aerospace science and technology application products .
the International Astronautical Congress , which has been held annually since 1950 , is the largest gathering in the world aviation community .
the five @-@ day Congress was co @-@ sponsored by the International Astronautical Federation , the International Academy of Astronautics , the Centre for Applied Science , Technology and Microgravity Studies of Bremen University and the International Institute of Space Law .
Beijing ( Reuters ) - China &apos;s foreign trade situation remains complex and grim , with 80.6 per cent of companies expecting exports in 2018 to be better or flat all year round , according to a press release issued Sunday by the China Foreign Trade Center .
however , in view of the external environment in which the cost of domestic raw materials , labor , and other comprehensive factors continue to rise and the impact of sino - us trade frictions is increasing , the exhibitors also hold that next year 's export situation is not optimistic .
at the closing news conference of the 124th Guangzhou trade fair , Xu bing , deputy secretary general and press spokesman of the Guangzhou trade fair and deputy director of the china foreign trade center , said that the number of overseas buyers attending the trade fair and the volume of export transactions were down slightly from the same period last year .
the number of buyers attending the session , 189,812 from 215 countries and territories , decreased by 1.11 per cent year @-@ on @-@ year .
export transactions amounted to 206.494 billion yuan ( US $ 29.86 billion ) , a decrease of 1 per cent over the same period last year .
judging from the market , transactions in japan , the 10 ASEAN countries , the " BRIC " countries , and the rok grew by 74.4 percent , 11.4 percent , 7.2 percent , and 2.5 percent respectively , and in the traditional markets of the united states , australia , canada , and the european union , respectively , they fell by 30.3 percent , 8.9 percent , 7.3 percent , and 0.8 percent .
in terms of industry , transport vehicles , machinery and equipment , construction and decoration materials , consumer electronics and information products , and sanitary appliances grew by 24.8 percent , 21.1 percent , 20.0 percent , 15.1 percent and 7.6 percent respectively , while textiles , clothing , and household electrical appliances decreased by 13.0 percent and 6.7 percent respectively .
Xu bing said : as a barometer and a weathervane for china 's foreign trade , the participation of buyers at the current Guangzhou trade fair and the data on export transactions show that china 's foreign trade development will still face many uncertain factors next year .
however , with the deepening of the supply - side structural reform and the recent introduction of policies and measures in the areas of " six stability " by the state and localities , china 's new dynamic for foreign trade development is rapidly accumulating , and new progress has been made in the diversification of the enterprise market . these are all important bases and powerful conditions for the development of foreign trade .
" taking all relevant factors into account , it is expected that china 's foreign trade imports and exports will maintain steady growth throughout the year , and the quality and efficiency will be further enhanced , " Xu bing said .
China &apos;s General Administration of Customs announced that exports rose 14.5 per cent year @-@ on @-@ year in dollar terms in September , while imports grew 14.3 per cent year @-@ on @-@ year , with a trade surplus of $ 31.69 billion in September , and both the export growth rate and the trade surplus were the highest since February .
despite escalating trade frictions between china and the united states , china 's export performance in september was still much higher than expected , and foreign demand was strong , and enterprises ' scrambling to export the superimposed RMB exchange rate before the united states imposed tariffs , or the main supporting factors , also showed a certain degree of toughness in china 's foreign trade . however , the impact of the sino - us trade war on confidence and on the industrial chain cannot be underestimated . analysts believe that china 's foreign trade challenges may appear in the fourth quarter or next year .
U.S. fund managers suggested in September to increase cash holdings and remain cautious as the United States and China began the latest round of mutual import tariffs and the dispute showed no signs of abating , Reuters said .
but North America &apos;s asset allocation has risen to its highest level since June 2017 , and positions in the UK , the eurozone , and especially emerging markets have fallen , according to 12 fund managers who participated in the survey .
global equities averaged 56.6 per cent and bonds 35.5 per cent , largely in line with last month &apos;s survey .
the most significant change was the rise in the cash ratio to 5.1 per cent , the highest level since December 2014 .
&quot; some economic data bring confidence to the market , but the trade war is still the biggest concern , so it &apos;s better to be prepared to enter if the market falls , &quot; said a fund manager at a large fund company .
but fund managers preferred stocks in September , especially in the United States , even though American stocks were considered too expensive .
today , in Shanghai , china 's open landmark , the world 's first large - scale national - level import exhibition , the china international import expo , officially opened in anticipation of the public .
an exhibition is like a &quot; window &quot; that gives the world a better understanding of a city and a country .
through the " window " of the expo , people can see that china is moving toward a higher level of " opening up to the outside world , " and through the " window " of the expo , they welcome the world to win a win - win situation with china , which " restarts reform and opening up . "
&quot; for a country , openness , like a butterfly , can experience a moment of pain , but it will be replaced by a new life .
General Secretary Xi Jinping &apos;s summing @-@ up of the road to openness reveals an important reason why &quot; China can . &quot;
looking back at the 40 years of reform and opening up , although china , which dares to plunge into the sea of the world market , has encountered whirlpool and storm waves , it has always faced all the risks and challenges in an open attitude , constantly unleashed its endogenous motive forces , and constantly improved its competitiveness .
it can be said that china has forcefully interpreted the value and significance of opening up with its own solid achievements .
standing at a new historical starting point , holding the import - themed expo is a major policy decision made by the CPC central committee with comrade Xi Jinping at the core to push forward a new round of high - level opening up to the outside world , a major move taken by china to take the initiative to open its markets to the world , and a concrete action taken by china in support of economic globalization and trade liberalization , demonstrating its strong and clear willingness to " the door of china will not be closed , but will only be opened wider . "
as exhibitors from all over the world have enthusiastically signed up for the exhibition , the " one hard - to - find " booth is the greatest affirmation and the best response to china 's development of an open economy in a wider scope , in a broader field , and at a deeper level .
more importantly , the current global economic and trade order has reached a crossroads .
the erection by some countries of high walls of trade protectionism and the return to the old path of unilateralism have increased the international community &apos;s concern about the prospects for free trade and added much uncertainty to the reviving world economy .
against this backdrop of the times , the Huangpu riverside meeting is a demonstration of china 's defense of free trade , allowing the world to see open markets and share china 's confidence and responsibility for the future .
to walk alone is fast , but to walk far .
China 's open - mindedness and embrace of the world have not only effectively promoted its own development , but also brought surging " china opportunities " to all countries and regions in the world .
in recent years , China has advocated and promoted the establishment of the &quot; One Belt , One Road , &quot; initiated the establishment of the AIIB , established the Silk Road Fund ... China has provided a series of international public goods , provided real export markets , development opportunities and employment opportunities , and allowed enterprises from all over the world to take advantage of China &apos;s development &quot; express train . &quot;
the Expo is also such a public product , a global economic and trade cooperation platform .
on this platform , more than 3,000 enterprises from more than 130 countries and regions have taken a new step forward in the chinese market with their unique and high - quality products and services shining brightly .
in addition to national enterprises , domestic consumers are the real beneficiaries .
by establishing this platform of " selecting the best and advancing , " we have provided a multi-channel high - quality supply for consumption upgrading and met the needs of the masses for personalized , diversified , and differentiated consumption .
as China opens its doors wider and wider , goods flow more smoothly and make the best use of them , the footsteps toward a better life will become more solid .
viewed from a broader perspective , the significance of the expo goes beyond the scope of economy and trade . instead , it aims at the future , conveys the concepts of openness , inclusiveness , inclusiveness , balance , and win @-@ win progress , and forms a common understanding to jointly tackle today &apos;s challenges .
only when the world is good can China be good ; only when China is good can the world be better .
we hope that the Expo will bring the world splendid and consummate , and we look forward to working with the world towards a higher level of &quot; open China &quot; to build a glorious future for the community of human destiny .
foreign media : the United States and Canada reach a framework agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement .
&#91; abstract &#93; The agreement includes Canada opening its dairy market to the US and the US not imposing tariffs on Canadian @-@ made cars for the time being .
according to foreign media reports , a Canadian source disclosed on the night of september 30 local time that the united states and canada had reached a framework agreement on the north american free trade agreement .
it was revealed that the agreement includes canada opening its dairy market to the united states and that the united states will temporarily not impose tariffs on Canadian - made automobiles .
on 27 august , the united states and mexico announced that they had reached a preliminary agreement in principle on updating the north american free trade agreement , but the united states and canada were unable to reach an agreement before the 31 august deadline set by the united states to extend the talks until 30 september .
prior to that , a spokesman for Canadian foreign minister Freeland said that canada would only sign a favorable agreement , " focusing on the substance rather than the timetable , " and that we would continue consultations in the hope of reaching an agreement that conforms to canada 's national interests . "
more than 90 percent of Brazilian women voters say presidential candidates do not consider women &apos;s needs .
more than 90 per cent of Brazilian women do not believe that presidential candidates take women &apos;s needs into account , according to figures released recently by the National Geographic Institute of Brazil ( IBGE ) .
Brazil , which now has 107 million women , would be 13 th in the world , twice as large as Spain , if women from all over the country were brought together to form a nation , the report said .
in Brazil , women account for 52 per cent of the electorate and men for 48 per cent of the electorate , and although women account for a very high percentage of the electorate , they account for only 10 per cent of the Brazilian Congress .
of the 193 countries in the world , Brazil ranks only 154th in political participation , higher than the Arab countries .
after more than two decades of struggle for rights , Brazilian women have still not succeeded in obtaining their rights .
Natalia Mori , a Brazilian sociologist , points out that this phenomenon exists because of the combined effects of an ancient patriarchal society , racism , and capitalist values .
&quot; politics is supposed to be a society where citizens claim civil rights , identity , access to public goods , and multiple social groups form the same society ... But Brazilian politics belongs to the monopoly of one group , and the majority of the population is not represented . &quot;
a previous study by the Locomotiva Institute in Brazil also noted that 94 per cent of Brazilian women did not feel that elected politicians represented their rights , 90 per cent of Brazilian women disagreed with the decisions made by politicians and 93 per cent disagreed with the current government &apos;s governance policies .
&quot; we need to reverse the underrepresentation of women in parliament , and Brazil &apos;s political system is still affected by inequality ... So far , Brazil &apos;s politics still have serious gender , class and racial discrimination , &quot; said Natalia Mori .
despite women &apos;s lack of rights , most Brazilian women still believe in the power of democracy .
the survey showed that 76 per cent of women believed that they could make a difference in democratic elections and 72 per cent were interested in politics .
in addition , 55 per cent of women believe that democratic politics is the best way to reduce prejudice against women .
chinanews , beijing , october 1 ( reporter wen rongjie ) the chinese embassy in kazakhstan held a solemn flag raising ceremony on october 1 to greet the 69 - year - old birthday of new china .
more than 80 people attended the event , including all the staff of the chinese embassy in kazakhstan , representatives of news agencies , financial institutions , chinese - funded enterprises , overseas chinese , Confucius institute , and foreign students .
on 1 october , the chinese embassy in kazakhstan held a flag raising ceremony to welcome the 69 - year - old birthday of new china .
after the flag raising ceremony , chinese ambassador to kazakhstan Zhang xiao said : on the occasion of the 69 th birthday of the great motherland , we solemnly held a flag raising ceremony in a foreign country , which was a profound patriotic educational activity .
although we have been living abroad for a long time , we have always cherished the great motherland .
Zhang xiao said : today more than ever before , the chinese nation is closer to realizing the great goal of national rejuvenation and closer to the center of the world stage than ever before .
&quot; our mission , responsibilities and work are more glorious , arduous and onerous than ever before . &quot;
Zhang xiao stressed : we must not forget our initial intention , remember our mission , and push forward the building of the " one area , one road , one road " by china and kazakhstan together in a steady and down - to - earth manner , so as to draw a still more beautiful " paintwork picture " of the " one area , one road , and one road " and devote all our strength to the development and construction of the motherland and sino - kazakhstan friendly cooperation .
Guangxi Guilin two rivers international airport T 2 terminal opened on the 30th .
Zhao leqin , secretary of the Guilin city CPC committee , said : after the new terminal is opened , it will be able to meet the demand for 12 million passengers per year and build up a new advantage in Guilin 's air traffic . it will be of great significance to further improve the modern three - dimensional traffic pattern of Guangxi 's Jiang - sea joint movement , sea - rail combined transport , water - land transport , and air - port links .
Guilin is expected to receive more than 90 million visitors this year .
the T2 Terminal of Guilin and Jiangjiang International Airport and its supporting facilities expansion project is a major public welfare project marking the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , as well as a landmark project for the construction of Guilin International Tourism Resort .
the project began construction in December 2015 , with a gross floor area of 100,000 square metres and a total investment of 3,258 million yuan . after the project is completed and put into operation , it will be able to meet the needs of 12 million passengers per year , 101,200 sorties and 95,000 tons of cargo and mail throughput .
on the same day , more than 200 flights took off and landed at Terminal T2 of Guilin Two Rivers International Airport .
inspired by the landscape of Guilin , the design of the new terminal building looks like a " mountain and water laurel crown , " with a close view of the " dragon ridge terraced fields " and the superimposed eaves of the residential buildings in northern Guilin , which intersect with the landscape of Guilin .
it has been learned that the new terminal building at Guilin airport can meet the peak traffic of nearly 4,000 passengers per hour , and has used " intelligent baggage sorting system , security integration platform , face recognition , " and other " smart airport " technical means to plan a commercial district covering various types of business activities , such as catering , 100 goods , tax exemption , and leisure and entertainment .
as growth in Europe , Asia and emerging markets has been largely unencouraging , the United States has increasingly become the main engine of global economic growth .
23 September 2018 , a container freighter moored in a port in New Jersey , United States .
but because America &apos;s current growth has benefited from the fiscal stimulus of tax cuts , the country &apos;s economy has also been closely watched .
&quot; as the United States returns to full employment , economic downturns are inevitable . &quot;
the only question , he said , was when it would happen , and in his view it would probably happen only in advance and without delay .
while Barclays is optimistic about the outlook for the US economy before the end of the year , the bank admits it will be more difficult to predict beyond that .
&quot; in the absence of more sustainable investment growth to boost the growth potential of the economy , current fiscal @-@ inspired growth will be unsustainable , &quot; Barclays economists said in a study .
&quot; in the absence of investment growth , the risk of a hard landing in the economy by 2020 will rise , &quot; they said .
a series of business surveys will broadly indicate that the major economies are at the end of the third quarter of the economic cycle .
a survey of manufacturing in the eurozone and the United States , due to be released next Monday , will be followed by a survey of services on Wednesday .
but the focus next week will inevitably be on the US non @-@ farm employment data , due to be released next Friday , which will provide clues as to whether the tight job market is driving a sharp rise in wages .
it is important not only because of its importance for corporate profitability and consumer purchasing power , but also because of the rise in wages or overall inflation that could unsettle officials at the US Federal Reserve .
鈥淭he pay will be of great concern as it is likely that the ring will rise sharply again compared with the previous month .
September may not be a 3 per cent year @-@ on @-@ year increase , but we can expect a breakthrough next month , &quot; wrote an economist at ING .
European politics are likely to be a source of market volatility at a time when vacations in China and other parts of Asia are dampening data for the region next week .
the Italian government has ignored its previous financial commitments to the European Union , and other EU member states will have to quickly determine whether they will resolutely oppose Italy &apos;s decision , which Eritrea does not support and which it wishes to abide by .
as Brexit talks enter a crucial phase , the annual meeting of the Conservative Party in Birmingham is likely to be sparkling .
meanwhile , with Brazil holding its much @-@ anticipated presidential election next weekend , worries about emerging markets are unlikely to fade .
&#91; abstract &#93; When completed , the ship will be put into use by the East China Sea Bureau of the State Oceanic Administration , and Chen Qiu , head of observation at the Marine Early Warning and Monitoring Department of China &apos;s Ministry of Natural Resources , said the ship &apos;s commissioning would be of great significance for developing China &apos;s offshore ocean observing system and advancing global ocean observations .
on 29 september , china 's first 3000 - ton large buoy ship " xiangyang hong 22 " landed in the chinese armed ships group .
when completed , the ship will break the current equipment bottlenecks in china 's support work , such as large - scale buoys , submarine deployment , recovery , and emergency repairs .
the " xiangyang red 22 " is mainly used to provide support for the regular inspection and maintenance of buoys / submarines , regular deployment , recovery , emergency deployment of buoys / submarines , recovery , emergency repair , and so on . at the same time , it has the capability to carry out comprehensive marine survey missions such as cross - section survey .
the new ship has a total length of 89 metres , a width of 18 metres and a depth of 7.2 metres , and a capacity of 10,000 nautical miles .
Wang weiling , deputy general manager of the armed ships group , said : " Xiangyang hong 22 is china 's first large - scale buoy operation ship , and is also the only domestic large - scale buoy operation vessel with the ability to hoist 10 meters , which will further enhance china 's large - scale buoy support capability . "
it has been learned that the ship will be put into use by the east china sea subbureau of the state oceanic administration . Chen qiu , director of the observation department of the marine early warning and monitoring department of the ministry of natural resources of china , said that the ship 's commissioning will be of great significance to the development of china 's offshore ocean observation system and the promotion of global ocean observation .
" this ship has both large - scale buoy deployment and maintenance operations , as well as comprehensive marine survey capability . it is china 's first comprehensive ship dedicated to the operation of buoys and comprehensive marine surveys in the middle and distant seas .
with such buoy ships , our ocean observations and oceanographic surveys will have powerful tools in the future . "
Qingdao , october 1 ( chinanews ) under the influence of typhoon " tam Mei , " the " maserun cup " at the Qingdao station of the 2018 international limit sailing race , originally scheduled to start on september 30 , was postponed to october 1 , and a pre - race meeting was held at the Qingdao olympic sailing center . all the captains of 12 water - winged squadrons from six countries and regions made their appearances .
affected by typhoon " tam Mei , " strong winds kept blowing in the harbor , and the maximum wind speed was as high as 24 knots . the departure signal was delayed by nearly 90 minutes from 1 : 00 p.m . on the 30 th . , but the wind speed remained unchanged . the referee - in - chief Anne mdrant announced that the first day of the competition would be cancelled and the game postponed until the afternoon of 1 october .
&quot; the strong winds from the shore keep blowing , and the sea is too rough . &quot;
&quot; under such circumstances , no one knows when a gust of wind is blowing towards the racing ship , &quot; Mudrand explained .
close to the city &apos;s court , cancellation is the wisest option in the current situation .
all the crew who were ready were still somewhat disappointed .
&quot; the race ship is ready to stop , and we are in good shape . &quot;
&quot; but I know it &apos;s the right thing to do , &quot; admits Max Richardson , the Qingdao helmsman . &quot; I hope the wind is smaller today and we can show our hands . &quot;
&quot; losing a day makes the game even more interesting , &quot; says Omeka Wilkinson , known as the New Zealand star for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics .
because today &apos;s game will add weight , and there are only two days left to play .
people will certainly be very desperate . "
despite the strong sea breeze , French ABM &apos;s helmsman Pierre Yves Durand told a pre @-@ match meeting about his relationship with Qingdao , where the race was held : five years after the International Limitation Sailing Series , he was accidentally injured and his muscles fractured , thanks to the medical team &apos;s handling of the event , he was able to stand on the pitch today , five years later .
it has been learned that the international limit sailing series was founded in 2007 and is a world sail league event as famous as the Volvo , american cup , and world sailing tournaments .
the Qingdao Station competition will use the &quot; Flying Phantom &quot; two @-@ winged sails .
2018 is the eighth year of the event &apos;s landing in Qingdao , the &quot; sailing capital , &quot; and Qingdao Station is also the end of the series .
despite the continued turmoil in global financial markets , the hong kong monetary authority said on Monday that the exchange fund 's investment income in the third quarter of this year was down by 97% year - on - year , but better than in the previous quarter , as foreign exchange losses narrowed markedly as overseas stocks rose amid the sino - us trade war .
according to the latest HKMA data , investment income of HK $ 1.6 billion was recorded by the exchange fund in july - september 2018 , down significantly from HK $ 61.8 billion in the same period last year , but up from the revised HK $ 100 million in the second quarter of this year .
speaking at the legislative council , chief executive of the HKMA , mr chan tak - lam , said that the hong kong and emerging markets stock indices were at odds with the us stock indices in the early days of the sino - us trade war . by the end of september and early october , after the us stock market indices had peaked , market sentiment began to reverse as investors gradually realized that the trade war was also detrimental to the united states itself .
&quot; a change in market sentiment is good , and it won &apos;t help much if the trade war has only a one @-@ sided effect . &quot;
but he also pointed out : " if the sino - us trade war is not resolved , financial market volatility will continue to rise . "
in the third quarter of this year , the exchange fund 's losses on equity investments in hong kong narrowed by 8% over the previous quarter to HK $ 4.7 billion , while gains on overseas equity investments soared by 172% to HK $ 12.8 billion , while foreign exchange losses of HK $ 16.2 billion and bond yields of HK $ 9.7 billion decreased by 24% and 31% respectively , mainly reflecting the general rise in the us dollar against major currencies during the quarter and the 3.0% rise in us interest rates in mid - september .
the exchange fund mainly supports the hong kong dollar .
Hong kong has been implementing a pegged exchange rate system for the hong kong dollar to the us dollar since 1983 .
with regard to hong kong 's current financial situation , Chen Delin said that economic and asset market uncertainty had increased and downside risks had increased , but hong kong 's financial system was robust , and it was also well prepared to withstand earthquakes .
&quot; Hong Kong has a strong international investment position , with a net external asset value of $ 1.4 trillion equivalent to four times GDP , 2.5 times that of Singapore and 0.6 times that of Japan , and more than enough to cope with the downturn or reversal of the economy . &quot;
noting that the hong kong dollar exchange rate had risen by more than 400 basis points on september 21 , mr chan pointed out that the hong kong dollar was widely believed to be mainly related to the rise in hong kong dollar interest rates . the hong kong dollar had since hovered around 7.80 - 7.84 . the recent continued fall in hong kong dollar interest rates and the widening of the interest rate spread with the us dollar were likely to attract the market to sell hong kong dollars and buy us dollars , making the hong kong dollar more likely to trigger another weak party 's convertibility guarantee .
however , he believes that with the start of the interest rate hike cycle for banks in hong kong and the normalization of hong kong dollar interest rates , the situation where hong kong dollar interest rates are lower than us dollar rates will change in the future .
&quot; Hong Kong dollar interest rates will converge more closely with those of the US dollar . we need to manage risk more carefully and be prepared to cope with market fluctuations . &quot;
as hong kong dollar funds were abundant , hong kong dollar interest rates fell further , dropping 0.9% to 2.08179% on Monday from 46 basis points to 51 basis points against the us dollar , while the one - month interest rate spread reached a five - month low , expanding from 120 basis points to 127 basis points against the us dollar .
from May to mid @-@ September , the spot Hong Kong dollar exchange rate was close to 7.85 to US $ 1 for most of the period .
during the period , the weak party convertibility bonds were triggered in may and august , after being triggered for the first time in april , due to such factors as the outflow of some of the funds from the offering after the completion of the hedging activities and the large - scale offering activities .
under the linked exchange rate system , the HKMA buys hong kong dollars at 7.85 and sells us dollars to maintain the stability of the hong kong dollar exchange rate .
the HKMA purchased about HK $ 52.1 billion under the weak party convertibility undertaking mechanism in may and august .
is the new tax law more favorable to people from outside the country ?
in response to a reporter 's question on the 30 th , a responsible person of the ministry of finance and the state administration of taxation said that in order to maintain policy stability , when implementing the new personal income tax law , consideration will be given to continuing to make preferential arrangements for people from outside the country , including those from hong kong , Macao , and Taiwan .
a reporter asked : the newly revised personal income tax law has revised the criteria for judging individual income tax residents in china from one year to more than 183 days .
will there be any preferential arrangements for overseas people , including those from hong kong , Macao and Taiwan , when the law is next implemented ?
the responsible person replied that the current regulations on the implementation of the personal income tax law have special preferential provisions for tax payment by persons outside china . individuals who have no domicile in china but who have resided for more than one year and less than five years may pay personal income tax only for part of the income they receive from units or individuals inside china .
the responsible person said that in order to maintain policy stability , the next step in implementing the new personal income tax law would be to continue to make preferential arrangements for people from outside the country , including those from hong kong , Macao and Taiwan .
there is no &quot; threshold &quot; of moonlight center : quality certification to promote quality .
with the development of the " two - child economy , " and the prosperity of the mother and child market , from the north to the third and fourth - tier cities , various types of monthly clubs have sprung up in various localities .
the burning moonlight clubs have met the masses ' consumption needs , charging fees ranging from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of yuan , but at the same time they are in an awkward situation . the organization has so far no thresholds and there is still a gap in supervision .
the state general administration of market supervision recently launched a series of national " quality month " activities in 2018 , with reporters visiting a five - star moon center in Tianjin to see the experience of certification of mother and child care services .
General moonlight centers provide neonatal care , nutritional meals , postpartum repair and plastic services .
in this month 's children 's center , the reporter saw that nurses check the breastfeeding status of newborn babies every day , and professional nurses provide the newborn with fine care services such as bathing and touching .
at the same time , to meet the needs of new mothers , services ranging from wound care in the early months of the moon to beauty care in the middle and late months of the month , provide traditional Chinese medicine treatment and beauty care programs to help mothers regain their sexual appearance .
a new mother living in the house told reporters that she had booked up to eight months in advance .
the services provided by the moonlight clubs have a direct impact on the comfort and physical recovery of the mothers during the month . some small @-@ scale moonlight clubs can only provide some simple moonlight services . there are hidden dangers such as disinfection , unruly hygiene , easy cross @-@ infection , and unscientific diet .
the head of the moonlight center said they were the only five @-@ star moonlight center in Tianjin to be certified as having a B @-@ level service .
&quot; while some customers do not understand the meaning of Level B certification at first , it is important for the long @-@ term development of an enterprise to benefit from a strict standardized process management through certification , &quot; he said .
Pan liefen , deputy director general of the certification and supervision department of the state general administration of market supervision , said : service certification is a new type of certification system based on customer perception , concern for organizational quality management , and satisfaction of service characteristics . it is an important component of the state 's quality infrastructure and plays a positive role in raising the proportion of quality services provided and enhancing the international competitiveness of china 's services .
China began in 2004 . after more than 10 years of development , service certification projects have undergone a process of development from scratch . a number of influential service certifications have emerged , such as certification of financial services , certification of mother and child care services , certification of after - sale services for commodities , certification of e - commerce services , and certification of health services .
according to the statistics of the state general administration of market supervision and control , china currently has more than 130 service certification organizations , more than 2,000 service certifiers , and nearly 8,000 valid certification certificates .
Pan liefen said that it is necessary to further guide and promote the development of service certification , gradually expand service certification coverage in the areas of health , education , sports , finance , and electrical commerce , and promote supply - side reform and quality improvement in the service sector .
Hong KONG Nov 5 - Hong KONG &apos;s property prices have fallen for two months after peaking , Hong Kong Monetary Authority Chief Executive Donald Chan said on Monday that it would take time to see if the housing market is entering a downward cycle and , if confirmed , consider relaxing the tightening of countercyclical measures at an appropriate time .
Mr chan also pointed out that if property prices were to fall back , it would be the home buyers who would be the first to be affected during the peak period of the property market . however , it was expected that in the event of a sharp drop in property prices in the wake of the asian financial crisis in 1997 , the chances of a sharp reduction in property prices would be much lower .
speaking at the legislative council briefing led by mr chan tak - lam , mr chan said that if the housing market was confirmed to be in a downward cycle , the measures could be relaxed in due course .
&quot; however , it is still too early to relax as we see only a few weeks of data . we still need more time to see if the housing market is entering a downward cycle , &quot; he said .
since October 2009 , the HKMA has introduced eight rounds of counter @-@ cyclical measures to significantly tighten mortgages for various types of properties , including reducing mortgage yields and requiring mortgage applicants to pass rigorous stress tests , with a view to enhancing bank risk management and resilience to earthquakes .
as hong kong formally entered the interest rate hike cycle , the hong kong private residential property price index fell for the second consecutive month in august - september , and the monthly decline in september widened to 1.44% .
however , the cumulative increase in the first three quarters of this year remained at 10.2% .
according to HKMA data , the financial position of households measuring their resilience to financial risks in hong kong remained healthy , with 66 per cent of households living in private homes without mortgages in the second quarter of this year , up from an average of 60 per cent in 2009 - 11 , and 47 per cent and 34 per cent respectively in new mortgage approvals and new mortgage approvals , up significantly from 64 per cent and 41 per cent in 2009 - 11 .
however , mr chan said that the high earthquake resistance did not mean that homeowners would not be adversely affected by the economic downturn , as property valuations would fall and buyers would bear the brunt during the peak period .
although the HKMA has tightened banks ' lending to mortgage borrowers , homebuyers can also obtain a high percentage of mortgage loans through mortgage insurance or the provision of mortgage loans by developers .
Mr chan said that , together with the mortgage loans provided to developers , the loan - to - value ratio of borrowers could reach 85 - 90 per cent , and if the property price were to fall by 10 per cent , there would be negative assets ( i.e. the market value of the property would fall below the total outstanding mortgage loans ) .
however , mr Nguyen Kwok - Heng , deputy chief executive of the HKMA , pointed out that it was estimated that the percentage of the total amount of mortgages provided by developers would be only 2.5% to 2.5% , which was still relatively low .
at the peak of negative equity in hong kong in 2003 , the number of negative equity cases exceeded 100,000 , accounting for 22% of the supply .
as at the third quarter of this year , hong kong recorded zero negative assets for seven consecutive quarters .
Xinhua news agency , beijing , october 1 ( liu hongxia and ma Rui ) e - commerce retail export enterprises welcomed another wave of favorable taxes on october 1 , involving value - added tax and excise tax exemption .
a few days ago , the ministry of finance , the state administration of taxation , the ministry of commerce , and the general administration of customs jointly issued a written statement explicitly stating that the tax exemption policy for value - added tax and consumption tax should be implemented on an experimental basis if the export enterprises of electric merchants in the comprehensive experimental zone of cross - border electronic commerce export goods that do not have valid import certificates at the same time meet the following conditions .
first , e @-@ commerce export enterprises are registered in the comprehensive test area , and the date of export , name of goods , unit of measure , quantity , unit price and amount of goods are registered on the comprehensive service platform of the cross @-@ border e @-@ commerce line of the place of registration .
second , export goods go through the customs in the comprehensive test area to go through the electronic commerce export declaration formalities .
third , the export of goods does not belong to the Ministry of Finance and the General Administration of Taxation in accordance with the State Council &apos;s decision to explicitly eliminate export tax rebate ( exemption ) goods .
the circular clearly states that the General Administration of Customs regularly transmits electronic information from the electronic commerce export declaration list to the State Administration of Taxation .
the tax authorities of the comprehensive test zones shall strengthen the duty @-@ free administration of export goods in accordance with the electronic information contained in the export commodity declaration lists drawn up by the State Administration of Taxation .
the circular points out that the specific tax - free administrative measures shall be formulated by the provincial tax departments ' business , financial , and commercial departments .
the offices of the leading groups for the construction of comprehensive test zones and the departments in charge of commerce should make concerted efforts to promote communication and cooperation among the departments and the implementation of relevant policies , speed up the establishment of a statistical monitoring system for the export of electronic commerce , and promote the healthy and rapid development of cross - border electronic commerce .
chinanews net Ordos , Nov. 5 ( Zhang lin Hu ) due to differences over the distribution of money , a man in Liaoning province actually killed his lover and dumped his corpse , then fled to inner mongolia autonomous region .
on the 5th , the reporter learned from the Dongsheng district public security bureau of Ordos city of inner mongolia that the man was successfully arrested after a joint police investigation between the two places .
on 26 June 2018 , a woman disappeared in Anshan City , Liaoning Province , and her family reported her disappearance to the local police .
after investigation and investigation , the police concluded that this is not a simple case of missing persons . the missing person , bai , is very likely to be killed by mistress Wang . the police immediately set up a special investigation team to carry out further investigations .
on 30 october , the special investigation group discovered that suspect Wang might be hiding in Dongsheng district , Ordos city . the Dongsheng police immediately organized a crack - down police force to fully cooperate with the Liaoning police in investigating and cracking the case .
after five days of investigation , the police finally found out where Wang had come from and combed his contacts in detail .
on 4 november , the police of the two places jointly arrested suspect Wang in a digging machine accessory shop in Dongsheng district .
according to Wang , he had a relationship with the victim , whose sister had a large amount of money in her name for the time being . the two of them decided to take possession of the money .
on 22 June 2018 , Mr. Wang and Mr. Bai were divided over the use of the funds , and Mr. Wang proceeded to kill Mr. Bai in a rented house , decompose the bodies and throw them to death .
at present , criminal suspect Wang Mou has been handed over to Liaoning Anshan police .
five Development Beautiful Anhui &quot; Green Development in Action &quot; Theme Train Operation
the second theme train of " five big development , beautiful Anhui " -- the theme train of " green development in action " -- officially went into operation on the 5 th .
in order to comprehensively display the brilliant achievements made in the construction of the " five great development Anhui , " the Hefei city rail company and the golden cuckoo media and science and technology company jointly designed and produced the " five great development , beautiful Anhui " series of thematic trains .
among them , the first train , the theme train " innovative development in action , " was officially put into operation on 1 october on the railway line no. 1 in Hefei city .
the theme train on the line chooses the blue and green color that symbolizes the landscape , reflecting vitality , vigor and purity .
the propaganda contents emphatically displayed the core idea of the " five beautiful Anhui development " and the 18 representative examples of green development achievements in the province , including the construction and development results of key green development projects such as the jianghuai canal project , the forest growth system , the protection and development of the chang Jiang economic zone , and the 10 million mu forest growth project .
in addition , three thematic trains , &quot; Coordinated development in action , &quot; &quot; Open development in action , &quot; and &quot; Shared development in action , &quot; will also come on line in the near future .
Shenzhen , october 1 ( zheng xiaohong , Xu dianwei , liu yingmeng ) on october 1 , the first day of the " golden week " of the mainland 's national day , and also the last day of the hong kong national day public holiday , many mainland residents took advantage of their holidays to go abroad to play and shop . there were also many hong kong residents who returned to hong kong on that day . Shenzhen ports experienced a " bursting " of passenger flow . the Luohu and Shenzhen bay ports opened 22 new self - service channels to improve the efficiency of customs clearance .
according to the data provided by the Shenzhen border inspection station , by 16:00 on the same day , the number of people entering and leaving the Shenzhen port had reached more than 429,000 , and the number of transportation facilities had reached more than 16,800 . all ports were busy all the time and maintained a good order of entry and exit .
it has been learned that under the influence of many favorable factors , such as the increase in the number of countries providing visa - free access for chinese citizens , the number of tourists going to europe , southeast asia , and other countries for holiday shopping has continued to increase during the national day holidays .
on the morning of 1 january , the passenger flow at lo wu , Shenzhen bay , Huanggang , and Fukuda control points reached a peak , with the passenger flow at lo wu control point continuing from 9 : 00 am to 11 : 00 am and the passenger flow at Shenzhen bay control point from 6.30 am to 13 : 00 noon .
it has been learned that in order to cope with the peak flow of passengers ( cars ) entering and leaving the country , the Shenzhen frontier control station , in accordance with the unified arrangements made by the state immigration administration , has started the service pattern during peak periods of passenger ( cars ) traffic . it has arranged for overtime police forces to support the frontline of duty , opened sufficient inspection channels ahead of schedule , guided passengers and vehicles to wait in an orderly manner for inspection , ensured that chinese citizens ' entry and exit customs clearance queues do not exceed 30 minutes , while taking into account the efficiency of foreigners , strengthened the maintenance of order in areas with heavy traffic , and ensured that customs clearance is safe and orderly .
at the same time , the Shenzhen border control station reminds passengers entering and leaving the country to pay attention to the validity of their travel documents , visas and endorsements , rationally arrange their itinerary , avoid rush hours as far as possible , and choose the right time and the right port to travel .
passengers travelling on the Guangzhou @-@ Shenzhen high @-@ speed rail to Hong Kong must hold valid exit / entry documents and visa endorsements . high @-@ speed rail tickets are only valid for travel . they cannot be used as exit / entry documents . if they are unable to leave Hong Kong for any reason , they should follow the guidelines of the police on border inspection and wait at designated places for MTR Company staff to guide them to go back to the Mainland .
systemic lupus erythematosus is a chronic disease that involves multiple organs throughout the body and was previously considered an &quot; incurable disease . &quot;
it should not be cured because of its unknown pathogenesis , difficult diagnosis and treatment , and lack of effective treatment methods .
recently , Liu Wanli , a researcher at Tsinghua University &apos;s College of Life Sciences , and Li Zhanguo , director of the Rheumatic Immunization Center at Peking University &apos;s People &apos;s Hospital , jointly discovered that human immunoglobulins exhibit molecular variations that increase systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility , and are involved in regulating immune B cells .
in short , the two teams confirmed that an abnormal immune molecule in humans is an important cause of systemic lupus erythematosus .
according to sun xiaolin of beijing people 's hospital , one of the authors of the article , the chestnut - Zhanguo team collected nearly 2,000 large samples of systemic lupus erythematosus patients and conducted research , and discovered that the incidence and severity of inflammation in the body , such as autoantibodies , nephritis , arthritis , plasma , and vasculitis , had increased markedly in a wide variety and large number of patients with immunoglobulin the body .
Liu Wanli &apos;s team discovered the pathway of immune signal activated by molecular mutation through various research methods , such as immune cell tracing , animal experiments and sequencing , and promoted the pathogenesis of B cells secreting a variety of autoantibodies .
the reporter learned that the two teams are strongly united , give full play to their respective advantages , and realize the close combination of basic research and clinical application .
Liu Wanli &apos;s team was dedicated to the study of B lymphocyte immune recognition and activation , while the Chestnut Zhanguo team was involved in the long @-@ term clinical study of systemic lupus erythematosus .
&quot; the study is one of the achievements of many years of collaboration between the two teams and is the first time that the academic community has recognized that immunoglobulin gene abnormalities will induce systemic lupus erythematosus , laying a solid foundation for further academic research and clinical targeting .
this is not to protect the weak , but to act in accordance with the law .
the lawyer brought an axe to court ?
the news was really exciting at first glance , and it blew up in the legal circle .
Zhongfa of Quanzhou City , Fujian Province , subsequently fined 500 yuan to lawyers involved in the case , and proposed in writing that the Quanzhou City Bar Association carry out investigation and handling .
according to a report by the xinjing bao , the Quanzhou city law association recently issued an official circular saying that the acts of the two lawyers do not involve violations of the law and regulations , and they will not be punished according to law .
according to many reports , Quanzhou City Law Association &apos;s handling is not to protect the short or engage in confrontation , but has been approved by the Quanzhou Intermediate Court .
an incident that could have sparked tensions within the legal community was eventually resolved properly .
the reversal of events stemmed from a more complete reversion of the truth : the axe carried by the lawyer in question was of the same style and model as the defendant &apos;s murder weapon , but it was not opened , was used only as corroborative evidence at the evidentiary examination stage , and did not have the subjective intention of intimidating or &quot; endangering the security of the court . &quot;
there are four very important details for judging whether the lawyer in question acted in violation of the law and regulations : first , the local court held two previous sessions and produced only photographs of the axe , which were necessary from the point of view of the defence ; second , the axe was purchased only one hour before the trial , and the lawyer was not unwilling to seek the judge &apos;s consent , but objectively failed to contact the judge ; third , the entire axe was not overheated or improperly used ; and fourth , the matter was publicly acknowledged to the lawyer .
combining these circumstances , it can be seen that the lawyer involved " brought an axe to court " was not guilty of any evil , but merely for the purpose of defending his case .
after clarifying the whole fact , Quanzhou City Law Association did not push the boat , but resisted pressure to make a decision not to punish .
this decision also stands the test of fact and law .
as for bringing the axe used as a control tool to court without the permission of the court , it is indeed fraught with unease and misunderstanding .
for reasons of safety and caution , the Quanzhou Intermediate Court had previously imposed fines and judicial advice .
in order to preserve the dignity of lawyers and prevent individual courts from using excuses to harass lawyers , the Supreme Law issued the Rules on Security Examination by the Judicial Police of the People &apos;s Court in 2014 , establishing the principle that lawyers need not undergo a physical security examination in order to appear in court .
since the issuance of the rule , a wide range of lawyers have set an example and few incidents have occurred that jeopardize the security of the Tribunal because of security vulnerabilities .
in rare cases like Quanzhou , misunderstandings can easily be dispelled as long as they are communicated in a spirit of mutual respect and understanding .
the Bar Association , as a self @-@ governing organization of the legal profession , has the dual mission of punishing wrongdoing and safeguarding legality .
in the past , individual law associations were criticized for their emphasis on discipline and their failure to protect their interests .
and Quanzhou Law Association &apos;s decision , both in terms of process and result , is laudable , setting an example for more law associations to perform their duties correctly .
what tax benefits will affect our purse from October 1 st ?
Xinhua news agency , Shanghai , october 1 ( reporter san tong ) the new personal income tax law will come into effect on january 1 , 2019 . in order to enable the broad masses of the people to enjoy the tax reduction dividends as soon as possible , from october 1 , they will first deduct the actual wages and salaries earned by taxpayers at the starting point of 5,000 yuan per month and apply the new tax rate scale .
with the New Deal on the ground , what benefits will affect the masses of money bags ?
advantages : 1 ) obvious tax reduction in salary and salary income
taxpayers who receive wages after October 1 can deduct a basic deduction of $ 5,000 per month and apply a new tax rate scale . most taxpayers have different degrees of tax reduction , especially for middle and low @-@ income earners .
according to the tax reduction tables for different income groups , those who earn 8,000 yuan , 10,000 yuan , 20,000 yuan , and 50,000 yuan a month after deducting the " three risks and one gold " will pay taxes of 90 yuan , 290 yuan , 1,590 yuan , and 9,090 yuan respectively after the tax reform . the corresponding tax reduction rates are 73.9 percent , 61.1 percent , 49.0 percent , and 18.8 percent , respectively , compared with the starting point of 3,500 yuan a month .
it is worth noting that due to holiday reasons , the new basic fee reduction and tax rate schedule can be applied to all units ' legally issued wages at the end of september that should have been paid in october .
to this end , the tax department uniformly popularized the use of the withholding client software has provided the corresponding tax calculation function , but the corresponding taxes still have to be declared within the statutory filing period .
pros and cons 2 : lower tariff range significantly widened
in addition to raising the threshold , a new rate scale will apply from 1 October .
this time , the seven - step tax rate for wages and salaries has remained the same as before , but there has been a marked change in the tax rate scale . the three - step low tax rate scale of 3 percent , 10 percent , and 20 percent has been significantly expanded , and the 25 percent tax rate scale has been reduced . the three - step high tax rate of 30 percent , 35 percent , and 45 percent has remained unchanged .
it is worth noting that the tax law also readjusted the tax rate on income from production and business operations , and the lower limit of the top 35 percent tax rate was raised from 100,000 yuan to 500,000 yuan .
this means that individual businesses and sole proprietorships will all benefit from the tax reform .
" judging from the previous estimates of tax cuts for individual taxpayers in Shanghai , the broad masses of taxpayers will fully feel the dividends of the tax reform , and in particular , the tax cuts for low and middle - income people will be noticeable . "
Lanmin , head of the personal income tax department of the Shanghai tax bureau of the State Administration of Taxation .
advantages and disadvantages : more convenient and optimized tax services
since the promulgation of the new Personal Income Tax Law , Shanghai &apos;s tax authorities have launched a series of comprehensive and extensive tax publicity activities .
on the one hand , key tax sources , key enterprises to develop &quot; one @-@ on @-@ one , point @-@ to @-@ point &quot; policy guidance .
the tax bureau of the Pudong new district successively visited large enterprises such as Apple trade ( Shanghai ) company limited , zifu bao ( china ) network technology company limited , and hong xing meikailong household group limited . these enterprises have a large number of employees , a large amount of withholding and payment work , and tax departments have taken the initiative to provide guidance and answer questions and answers . Xu hui district tax bureau visited the zhongzhi financial consulting company limited , the zhongzhi economic and technological cooperation company of the large labor enterprises in the region to collect concerns and resolve their claims in a timely manner .
on the other hand , to the broad masses of taxpayers , launch the &quot; all @-@ round , multi @-@ dimensional , three @-@ dimensional &quot; tax policy .
Shanghai tax official website , Weixin public number , Weibo channels in time to promote policy hot spots to ensure that the policy publicity is in place .
meanwhile , on 28 september , the Shanghai tax micro - trust public number 12366 intelligent consulting platform launched a " target - oriented " integrated tax reform propaganda service through the " manual + intelligent " tax service consultation .
chinanews , november 5 ( chinanews ) former England captain Rooney will return to England for a warm - up match against the united states on november 15 , beijing time announced on the evening of november 4 .
last August , Rooney announced his withdrawal from England .
Rooney , who had previously played 119 times on behalf of England and scored 53 goals , was the first shooter in the history of the team and second in the history of the game .
Rooney himself was very excited when he announced that the game against the United States was aimed at raising money for Rooney &apos;s Children &apos;s Charitable Foundation . &quot; I &apos;m glad to be back in Wembley on behalf of England and thank Sott and the Football Association for inviting me to help my foundation , &quot; Rooney said .
playing for England is the greatest honor of my career , the 120th and the last time I will be playing for England , and it will be a special memory for me .
the annual yangchenghu crab cultural tourism festival opened on the 30th . according to gu wenhua , secretary of the ba town party committee , the town 's yangcheng lake hairy crab township , the annual economic output value of yangcheng crabs is nearly 3.8 billion yuan , and the net income exceeds 600 million yuan .
Yangcheng Lake hairy crab also known as the golden claw crab , because the body of the crab is not muddy , commonly known as clear water hairy crab , white shell , meat paste , so have the reputation of &quot; King of Crabs . &quot;
it has become a custom for people to digest crabs in the golden autumn when they are fragrant with cinnamon .
hairy crabs are the most famous image spokesmen in the city .
peeling crab shell , sucking crab feet , choosing crab meat , dipping crab ingredients , diners feel in the south of the river .
more diners will spend more time in the city this year , watching the heron hunt and enjoy the slow @-@ paced water life on the edge of the misty Yangcheng Lake .
due to the introduction of large - scale seedlings in Pakistan 's cities and towns , the number of hairy crabs that come out of water this year is quite a bit bigger than before .
crab farmers , who have been dealing with hairy crabs for nearly 20 years , are planning to export crab seedlings and breeding techniques from yangcheng lake hairy crabs to Thailand so that aquatic cuisine can cross national borders and promote cultural exchanges with overseas cuisine .
Kunqu Town is a cultural symbol of the city .
at present , Baocheng has set up crab fang yuan , fishermen 's lights , spring and autumn water city , linghu crab city , zheng yibao crab market five major crab markets and a street of gourmet food . there are as many as 1,300 restaurants and restaurants catering for yangcheng lake hairy crabs , and the crowds of crab fang are intriguing . the cars and horses and horses and dragons at rush hours have become a unique scenic line .
according to gu wenhua , the " one crab " attracts nearly 3 million tourists from home and abroad every year , and it also forms a two - way , lively old street in bacheng .
many tourist products , such as the main post office of Kunqu , the pictorial concept book bar , the thematic image hall of Pink Baby , the theme house of Kunqu , the embroidery hall , and the qipao hall , have successively appeared . Kunqu scholar yang shousong , master of flute art Chen dongbao , famous Kunqu Xiao Sheng yu , master of bamboo carving , master Ni Xiaozhou , and a folk song bearer lu zhenliang have successively entered the street to become the core cultural district of Kunqu city .
it has been learned that during the crab culture and tourism festival , the fourth qu town of Kunqu Bazheng qu will also open again , and the qu friends from all over the world will gather to review the yushan grand gathering .
a number of cultural venues , including the bacheng historical and cultural exhibition center , Kunqu chang hall , a yingya court , chongwen college , and kunqu opera theater , will also be unveiled , presenting the cultural charm of Kunqu yuan township , china 's calligraphy township , and jiangnan 's yumeishui township .
a tripartite trade agreement between the united states and mexico will open up new opportunities for 500 million people .
according to foreign media reports , a joint statement by Canadian foreign minister Freeland and us trade representative Letterszeitzer , published on the Canadian government website , said that the united states , canada , and mexico had reached a tripartite trade agreement , which would be called the " us - mexico - canada three - nation agreement . "
Canada &apos;s CTV News earlier quoted senior US sources as saying Canada and the United States had overcome their differences and reached an agreement on the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
the washington post quoted two informed sources as saying that the agreement reached between the united states and canada on september 30 will retain the north american free trade agreement as a tripartite trade agreement , and the heads of state of the three countries will sign a new agreement within two months .
" today , canada , the united states and mexico have agreed on a new trade agreement - the us - mexico triangle agreement ( USMCA ) , which will provide our workers , farmers and companies with a high standard of trade agreements that will lead to freer markets , fairer trading and more sustainable economic growth , and that will strengthen the middle class , create high - paying jobs , and create new opportunities for about 500 million people , " the statement said .
it is learned that the current north american free trade agreement was signed by the united states , mexico and canada in 1994 .
after assuming office , Trump announced plans to revisit the agreement and sign it .
the three countries started the negotiation process in 2017 .
the election of Okinawa governor , which was held ahead of schedule because of the death of former governor Ong chang - hsiung , was announced in the early hours of 1 july local time . Danny , who opposed the planned relocation of the us military base in japan , was successfully elected .
the final results of the election , which was counted on september 30 , showed that Yucheng won a total of 3966.32 million votes , the highest number in the history of the Okinawa prefectural governor election , and more than 80,000 more votes than his main rival , Tsoi chun - soon .
a total of four candidates participated in the election , with a turnout of 63.24 per cent , 0.89 percentage points lower than in the 2014 Okinawa prefectural governor election .
Yucheng told the media on the 1 st that the results of the election show that the county people do not want to let the efforts of governor eng chang be wasted . he will carry forward the legacy of governor eng chang and continue to work with the Japanese government and the us government on opposing the us military base relocation plan and the closure of the uteng base .
Putian - based us military base in yono city , Okinawa county , has long been criticized . the Japanese and us governments previously agreed to relocate it to the frontier area of yono city , but the people of Okinawa strongly opposed the move , hoping to completely relocate the base from Okinawa .
with regard to the relocation plan strongly opposed by the county people and the demand to revoke the permission for land reclamation along the frontier and ancient coastal areas , Yucheng said that he did not take a confrontational and divisive stand with the central government at the beginning . he hoped that the two sides would fully exchange views and show their intention to resolve the issue through consultation .
Japanese prime minister Shinzo abe also told the media this morning that he would seriously accept this result and make efforts to revitalize Okinawa and lighten the burden on the base .
Japanese chief cabinet secretary Naoto Kan said at a news conference on the 1st that the government 's policy of relocating us military bases as soon as possible has not changed .
he also expressed his intention to hold talks with Yucheng .
Yucheng will officially assume office as governor of Okinawa prefecture on the 4th of this month .
since the mid @-@ 2000s , as China &apos;s demand for oilseeds has grown , Paul Thomas , a North Dakota farmer in the United States , has grown more and more soybeans in his field .
the shift peaked this year when he planted 1,600 acres of soybeans on 5,000 acres , an unprecedented scale .
but Thomas and many other farmers like him plan to transplant corn and wheat , the staple crops in US farming areas , by 2019 .
for the first time in 35 years , American farmers are growing more soybeans than maize this year .
the reason for planning to switch to other food crops is that American farmers face difficulties selling soybeans in the context of US President Donald Trump &apos;s trade war with China .
China usually buys about 60 per cent of US soybeans for export , but in recent months there has been almost no US soybean purchases due to the trade war , causing soybean prices to fall to a decade low .
Thomas plans to grow more wheat next year , hoping to make more by reducing his dependence on crops that depend on Chinese demand .
soybean prices &quot; hit us hard , &quot; says Thomas .
he said the spot price for soybeans near his farm was $ 7.10 per bushel without Chinese demand , while the price needed to cover the cost was $ 8.50 .
U.S. farmers are planting record amounts of soybeans this year , and the harvest is expected to hit record highs .
at a time when they were vulnerable to shocks , they were hit by a trade war .
in response to Trump &apos;s imposition of tariffs on imports of Chinese goods , China imposed import tariffs on imports of US soybeans in July .
the United States Department of Agriculture will release its first estimate of the area planted next year , expected to include consideration of the impact of tariffs .
the estimate is expected to confirm private sector expectations of a reduction in soybean soybean acreage .
according to a report Reuters saw , Informa Economics predicted on Oct. 19 that corn cultivation would increase by 4 % to 92.7 million acres ( 37.5 million hectares ) in 2019 , and soybean cultivation would fall by 7 % to 83 million acres .
Informa also predicts a 4 per cent increase in wheat cultivation in the United States .
soybeans planted before retaliatory tariffs rose to 89.6 million acres this year , about 15 million acres more than a decade ago .
the area under maize cultivation has increased by less than 5 million acres since 2008 to 89.1 million acres , and wheat cultivation this year stands at 47.8 million acres , the lowest level in 100 years .
Aron Carlson , president of the Illinois Maize Planting Association , whose total acreage is 3,600 acres , has spent nearly half of this year growing soybeans , but plans to cut it in the future .
he said he could increase maize cultivation by up to 20 per cent on his farm in northern Illinois , the largest soybean @-@ growing state in the United States .
soybeans produce less per acre per acre than maize , but require less fertilizer , making soybeans generally less costly to grow .
if farmers move to end @-@ value maize , it may raise costs , but it will benefit some businesses , including Andersons Inc . fertilizer sellers .
Andersons CEO Pat Bowe told Reuters he expected conversion to corn would benefit fertilizer use .
Bayer is also expected to benefit from farmers switching to maize .
Sutirawa , director of Thailand 's Langman airport authority , today apologized for the beating of a chinese citizen at the airport and said Thailand welcomes chinese tourists , adding that the authorities concerned will strengthen management , raise awareness of services and avoid similar incidents .
according to sources , on the 27th , security guards at Langman airport had a physical clash with a chinese man who was refused entry .
Sutirawa said the airport authority had suspended the security guard for serious disciplinary offences and set up a procedural investigation committee to investigate the matter and dismiss the security guard if the incident proved to be true .
the Thai immigration authorities have now arranged for the man to return to China by air .
Suhtirawa apologized for the incident , saying that Thailand attached great importance to the incident , was willing to do its utmost to reduce the impact of the incident on the hit tourists , and would send a letter of apology through the chinese embassy in Thailand .
he said : Langman airport is willing to provide convenience for chinese tourists to Thailand and , in conjunction with the Thai immigration authorities , will set up special channels for chinese tourists at five major international airports in bangkok , namely Suwanapu , Langman , Chiang mai , Phuket , and Heidi .
he said that the next step would be for the airport authority to rectify the landing area , specify the landing fee and improve the service quality and communication capability of the staff .
when the chinese embassy in Thailand learned of the incident , it contacted the person concerned to find out how the incident had happened .
he also made representations to the responsible persons of the Thai immigration authorities , the airport administration , and the ministry of tourism and sports , asking the Thai side to thoroughly investigate the incident and severely punish the perpetrators , and will continue to maintain close communication with the Thai side to properly handle the matter and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the parties concerned .
Xinhua International Time Review : defending multilateralism , China knows what to do .
at a time when the counter @-@ currents of unilateralism are surging , international rules and the multilateral order are under attack .
to some extent , the confrontation between unilateralism and multilateralism has entered a critical period .
as a responsible big country , China has joined the international community in upholding multilateralism and pushing forward multilateralism with the idea of following the general trend and conforming to the main road , and with solid and effective actions .
in the face of the new situation and new challenges , China is making a resounding voice on the direction and path of development of multilateralism .
as Wang Yi , state councilor and minister for foreign affairs , said in his speech at the general debate of the 73rd session of the united nations general assembly , multilateralism in the new era should adhere to the goal of cooperation and win - win progress , be based on the rule of law , be based on the essence of fairness and justice , and be guided by effective action .
at the same time , China called for a global pattern of development cooperation , with the United Nations at its core and North @-@ South cooperation as the main channel , complemented by South @-@ South cooperation , and for all parties to work together to build a community of destiny for humanity .
China 's thinking and voice reflect the mainstream voice of the international community .
as Espinosa , President of the seventy @-@ third session of the General Assembly , said , &quot; More than ever before , the United Nations needs to promote multilateralism and uphold a rules @-@ based international system . &quot;
IMF Managing Director Lagarde said the international community should continue to firmly uphold the multilateral trading system , adhere to international trade rules and resolve differences through consultations .
in recent years , as a result of the adjustment in the balance of global economic and political power , a number of emerging markets and groups of developing countries have emerged to play a greater role in the major international multilateral mechanisms and to provide a new impetus for development in the face of adverse winds of multilateralism .
taking this dimension into consideration , china advocates the idea of building a big family rather than patching up small circles , adhering to the concept of multilateralism such as jointly discussing common construction rather than engaging in winner - take - all , and following the trend of the times . this is the inevitable choice for dealing with global challenges and solving world problems , and represents the common aspirations of most countries in the world .
have advanced ideas , more solid action .
China &apos;s &quot; One Belt , One Road &quot; initiative has become the largest platform for international cooperation .
the international and regional cooperation initiatives initiated by China , such as the &quot; One Belt , One Road , &quot; the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the &quot; 16 + 1 Cooperation , &quot; promote international regional cooperation , perfect and supplement the existing international system and order , bring innovative vitality to multilateral cooperation and contribute to the development of the international order in a more just and rational direction .
as a defender of the international order and practitioner of multilateralism , China &apos;s actions in the multilateral arena of the United Nations are becoming increasingly powerful .
good offices to address climate change , participate in peacekeeping operations , reduce poverty and help other countries implement the 2030 sustainable development agenda .
as United Nations Secretary @-@ General Guterres has said , China has become an important pillar of multilateralism .
when the &quot; trust deficit &quot; facing the world grows , and when populism and polarization rise , it is the world &apos;s most urgent need for multilateral cooperation .
at such a historic juncture , the international community needs to join hands to translate consensus into action , resolutely defend multilateralism and work together to build a community of destiny for humanity .
Guangzhou , september 30 ( reporter so youwei ) Guangdong 's first state standard 4K demonstration district was unveiled on september 30 in the jianzhen garden district of Haizhu district , Guangzhou city . on the same day , the Guangdong radio and television network officially started its 4K business across the province , and the central radio and television station 's 4K ultra - high - definition channel began broadcasting ceremony in Guangdong province simultaneously .
the event was jointly organised by Guangdong cable radio and television network limited and the leading group on building a community governance and sharing society in tai tong district , Haizhu district .
according to the arrangements made by the Guangdong provincial CPC committee and the Guangdong radio and television network , the Guangdong radio and television network has actively implemented the new digital home 4K action plan . in december 2017 , the Guangdong radio and television network announced the first nationwide digital home gateway terminal product - - - - " u - dot home server " ( with AVS2 standard 4K box , xinflight voice remote controller ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
in 2018 , the Guangdong Radio and Television Network launched a series of radio and television initiatives for the benefit of the people , and launched the &quot; Radio and Television 4K Service Month &quot; to promote the &quot; U @-@ point Home Server &quot; across the province .
on the same day , the Guangdong radio and television network officially launched its 4K business across the province . the first 4K intelligent television home sharing platform project based on the 4K application was also officially launched and put on line . the platform was jointly built by Guangdong cable and the Daitang district of Haizhu district . the platform project relies on the Guangdong radio and television network 4K super - clear U - point family server to realize a new generation of intelligent family service based on the cable television network .
Chen xiaolui , chief engineer of the Guangdong provincial press , publication , radio and television bureau , said at the event that the event was the central work of the radio and television network enterprises in actively serving the party committee and government . the government actively used the " internet + " to build a " digital government " to serve the people . he hoped that through cooperation and popularization , the Guangdong radio and television network would help Haizhu district , Guangzhou , and even the whole province build a model of social governance with common governance and sharing .
the ceremony showcased and popularized 4K intelligent TV home sharing platform , with 4K TV as the core of new digital home applications .
the first phase of the " 4K wisdom television safe house sharing platform " will include the four modules of " Guangzhou neighborhood , " " new Guangzhou people 's house , " " wisdom community , " and " wisdom family , " and will focus on exploring the building of the wisdom district .
it has been learned that the Guangdong radio and television network has opened five sets of 4K live broadcast channels , and the central radio and television station 's 4K ultra - high - definition channel will be opened exclusively on national day .
the report reads as follows : September 30 , is the fifth anniversary of the nation &apos;s martyrs .
at 10 : 00 a.m . on the same day , Xi Jinping and other party and state leaders , together with representatives from all walks of life in the capital , attended a ceremony to present baskets to the people 's heroes and cherish the memory of the heroes and martyrs .
CCTV issued a quick commentary on this : this is china 's first anniversary of martyrs after the implementation of the heroic martyrs protection law .
five years ago , the anniversary of the martyrs was established on the eve of the national day , marking the great journey of the chinese nation from suffering to glory . we should always be vigilant : " where do we come from and where do we go ? "
General secretary Xi Jinping profoundly pointed out that " abandoning tradition and abandoning it is tantamount to cutting off one 's spiritual lifeline . "
" only by not forgetting history can we open up the future . "
we cherish heroes and commemorate martyrs , we must always remember history , continue the spirit of heroism , and gather a powerful positive energy for national rejuvenation .
the commentary points out that heroes are the backbone of the nation .
honoring martyrs and commemorating martyrs is to make heroes a lofty , sacred , and powerful eternal memory in our hearts .
according to incomplete statistics , some 20 million martyrs died heroically for national independence , the liberation of the people , the prosperity and strength of the country , and the happiness of the people .
every martyr who dies for his country will be remembered , and every spirit of loyalty to his country will be looked up to .
the purpose of setting up a national day of remembrance for them and organizing various forms of commemorative activities is precisely to pay tribute to them in the name of the state , deeply cherish their great achievements , and learn to carry forward their precious spirit of loving the motherland , being loyal to the people , making selfless contributions , and daring to sacrifice themselves .
party committees and governments at all levels have perfected the system of preferential treatment for pensions and constantly raised the level of pensions and benefits , and the party and the state have put into practice their respect for heroes through concrete actions .
every year , countless people visit the martyrs ' mausoleum , so that we can feel the deep feelings that the masses cherish and feel the impetus for rejuvenation that is rising in the blood of the nation .
adoring heroes , defending heroes , learning heroes , and caring for heroes have become popular throughout society .
in conclusion , the express commentary points out : today , when socialism with chinese characteristics enters a new era , what we can comfort the heroes in the everlasting underground is that a powerful china is rising in the east , and the dream of a great rejuvenation of the chinese nation is being turned into reality in our hands .
let us forge ahead with the spirit of heroism and advance toward the great goal !
MOF waives VAT consumption tax on cross - border electric companies
the circular points out that if the export enterprises of e - commerce in the comprehensive test zone export goods that do not have valid import vouchers and meet the relevant conditions , the policies of tax exemption for value - added tax and consumption tax will be implemented on a trial basis .
( 1 ) E @-@ commerce exporting enterprises are registered in the comprehensive test area and the date of export , name of goods , unit of measurement , quantity , unit price and amount of goods are registered on the comprehensive service platform of the cross @-@ border e @-@ commerce line of the place of registration .
( 2 ) Export goods shall go through the customs at the place where the comprehensive test zone is located to go through the formalities of electronic commerce export declaration .
( 3 ) Exports of goods that do not belong to the Ministry of Finance and the General Administration of Taxation shall , in accordance with the decision of the State Council , expressly abolish the export tax rebate ( exemption ) .
it is understood that the above @-@ mentioned circular will take effect from 1 October 2018 , depending on the date of export indicated in the export declaration list .
fifth &quot; Disabled Voice Month &quot; Comes to Focus on Sex Education for Disabled Adolescents - China @-@ Singapore Network
in recent years , the topic of sex education for Chinese teenagers has been widely discussed , but the challenge for sex education for disabled teenagers remains daunting .
recently , a seminar on the challenges and practical strategies of comprehensive sexuality education for people with disabilities was held in Beijing .
how to provide sex education to disabled children and youth has become an important topic of this seminar .
the &quot; Report on Sexual Knowledge , Attitudes and Behaviour of Disabled Children and Young People in China &quot; released at the meeting showed that disabled children were more exposed to sexual harassment and sexual abuse than healthy children .
for disabled children , adolescents , and society , more attention is also given to &quot; sexual protection . &quot;
the seminar is aimed at promoting comprehensive sexuality education for disabled children and young people in China in terms of family support , school education and institutional services , and providing support at the source to disabled children and young people so that they can have the same right to enjoy love as others .
experts believe that all along , the Chinese public &apos;s understanding of the disabled has remained at a level that is not deep enough .
influenced by traditional attitudes and other factors , China &apos;s comprehensive sexuality education for people with disabilities , especially disabled children and adolescents , is not yet thorough enough .
however , in recent years , with the support of the unesco and the public interest , there have been gratifying developments in the practice and implementation path of comprehensive sexual and reproductive health education for the disabled throughout the cycle in china .
the Report shows that although children and young people with visual , hearing , intellectual and physical impairments have some more difficulty in acquiring sexual knowledge and understanding of intimate relationships than the general population , on the whole they have progressed toward convenience and richness .
sponsored by the Shanghai Foundation for the Public Interest , and supported by the UNESCO representative office in China , the International Disability Alliance ( France ) representative office in Beijing and the UNFPA representative office in China , the seminar aims to explore the practice and implementation path of comprehensive sexual and reproductive health education for persons with disabilities throughout the cycle , and to promote understanding among policymakers , educators , researchers , social service organizations , parents and other stakeholders in the field of special education , how to develop a blueprint for comprehensive sexuality education and for children and young people with disabilities .
Beijing , Sept . 30 ( Reuters ) - The central bank &apos;s short @-@ term foreign currency position against local currency forward contracts and futures contracts remained nil for 12 consecutive months at the end of August , according to figures released Sunday by the People &apos;s Bank of China on net projected short @-@ term outflows of foreign currency assets .
previous central bank data showed that by the end of August , the central bank held a total of $ 6,044 million in short positions in foreign currency against local currency forward and futures contracts , unchanged for the fourth month in a row , and a total of $ 4,276 million in short positions in SDR terms .
since then , the central bank &apos;s foreign @-@ exchange forward position has been nil .
the central bank released the data for the first time at the end of March 2016 ; the data showed that at the end of February 2016 , the central bank had a foreign currency position of $ 2,438 million against local currency forward and futures contracts , and a short position of $ 28.9 billion .
September data released at the end of October showed a net short @-@ term increase of $ 16,401 million to $ 45,301 million for the first time .
the central bank had previously said that the forward and short - term foreign currency positions mainly reflected the central bank 's forward foreign exchange operations with commercial banks to meet the hedging needs of enterprises ' foreign currency liabilities , and that it would continue to provide forward risk - averse products on the basis of actual demand . the central bank 's forward operations would have a smaller impact on the future foreign exchange reserve scale .
on the night of September 20 this year , on train K158 , Jo , a junior in Zhengzhou , took a ride to Crane Pik .
one of the great men on the train bought a seat without a seat , but took her seat : &quot; shoot it . &quot;
after two hours of driving , the conductor advised him to remain invalid for an hour .
in the end , a male passenger in the same carriage couldn &apos;t look down on him and pulled him up .
judging from public opinion , although most of the end result is that the hegemonists are condemned by the public , punished administratively by the public security departments , and even blacklisted for honesty , the public still feels that they do not " dispel their hatred " : why should they not be punished on the spot ?
why not stop his immoral or even illegal behaviour on the spot and punish him afterwards ?
and how can the unreasonable behavior of the " hegemonic lord " be pulled up by only a male passenger who is " out of order " ?
the main reason for this is that only long - distance trains are equipped with police , and short - distance trains are generally not available ; even if they do , the police are more concerned about the possible rogue reaction of the hegemonists and do not take measures to force them to leave .
repeated bullying has made people realize that bullies must be forcibly removed and even punished on the spot in order to act as a deterrent .
this requires that our train passengers should dare to take strong and timely measures , and that those trains that do not carry police officers should be deployed as soon as possible in order to prevent and crack down on illegal activities in a timely manner .
October 1 , the first day of the National Day holiday , through Sichuan &apos;s Beichuan Qiang autonomous county to Maoxian direction of vehicles surge .
at about 13:00 , the Beichuan traffic police received a call for help , saying that his family had a traffic accident in songpan , and that due to the limited medical conditions in the area , he was in urgent need of medical treatment in Mianyang .
it happened to be a one @-@ way traffic control operation on Tangjiashan Yan lake ring road in Beichuan , and wanted to ask traffic police to release the 120 emergency vehicles .
upon receiving the call for help , the police on duty promptly reported the situation to the brigade . after Huang xuemin , commander of the brigade , made a brief understanding of the situation , he immediately arranged for the police on duty at the control point to contact the callers and asked them to make all - out efforts to provide escorts .
&quot; after contacting the 120 first aid vehicles , we expect to arrive in Beichuan at around 1500 hours . arrangements will be made immediately . &quot;
the squadron leader of the beichuan traffic police 's yu li squadron said that first aid vehicles needed to go around the jiashan Yan sehu roundabout road , and the roads were steep and narrow . in order to prevent vehicles that had already entered this section of the road from running in parallel , traffic police put vehicles under block control one hour ahead of schedule at three points , including the beginning , middle , and end of the road , and reminded all passing drivers to leave the side of the road to make way for emergency vehicles .
subsequently , the drumming squadron police also temporarily stopped vehicles from entering the restricted road section , queuing up for the arrival of the 120 first aid vehicles .
at about 1500 hours , an ambulance with a Chuan U licence plate entered the territory of Beichuan . the traffic police of Beichuan dispatched a police vehicle to drive up the road and escort the ambulance all the way back into the controlled section .
it has been learned that there are places on the circular lake road where only one vehicle can pass through , and the civilian police have exercised temporary control over these places in advance , thus ensuring the smooth passage of 120 first aid vehicles .
upon arrival at the village of 10 li pei , Shiping township , traffic police contacted the two village committees in advance , borrowed the village road to make a detour and banned social vehicles from entering the village .
" it took only 40 minutes for the traffic police in Beichuan to receive the 120 ambulance to enter the normal road of the 302 provincial road . "
in the normal course of events , the entire passage time would take four hours , he said .
" this arrangement has successfully secured valuable treatment time for the patients . "
it has been learned that at 1720 , critically ill people were sent to Mianyang in time for medical treatment .
the confirmed death toll from the Indonesian earthquake and tsunami has risen rapidly to 832 , and authorities fear it will rise again as aid workers struggle to reach outlying areas .
of particular concern is Dungera , an area north of Baru with a population of 300,000 , close to the epicenter of the earthquake .
two more regions have lost contact with the outside world since Friday .
&quot; we have not yet received reports from the other three regions . &quot;
communications and electricity continue to be disrupted .
Nugroho stated that the missing included five foreigners , three of whom were French , one Korean and one Malaysian .
the earthquake and tsunami killed 832 people .
Indonesian Vice President Carla says the death toll could rise to thousands .
earlier Indonesian President Joko Vito had surveyed the disaster area and called on the people to be patient .
Reuters ( Reuters ) - British Secretary of State for Leave , Dominique Raab , privately demanded the UK &apos;s right to leave the Irish border &quot; guaranteed &quot; arrangements three months later , the Daily Telegraph reported Sunday .
Rab made the request to Simon Coveney , Ireland &apos;s deputy prime minister and minister for foreign affairs and trade , at a private meeting in London last Tuesday , the report said .
the report said the request was &quot; in clear contradiction &quot; with what David Lidington , the British cabinet secretary , said when he visited Dublin three days later .
Brexit said it would not comment on private meetings .
at 8 : 05 a.m . yesterday , two pickpocketing suspects were arrested while pickpocketing at yongding gate station on bus no . 20 to Zhuhai city pass station .
two pickpockets of passengers were cut off by two pickpockets and 800 yuan of cash was stolen for the police who had already been squatting by .
this is the first pickpocketing case cracked by the beijing police during the national day .
at about 5 : 00 a.m . yesterday , anti - stealing investigators of the beijing public security mobile reconnaissance unit arrived at their scheduled locations .
according to past experience , places where people are concentrated , bus hubs , and bus and subway lines , including the crowds watching the raising of flags in Tiananmen square , are all key areas of their work .
in the crowd , the civilian police in civilian clothes looked calmly at the passing crowd .
at about 7 : 00 a.m . , investigators crouching at the bus stop spotted two suspicious men following a male passenger on the 20 th bus from the Yongding gate .
in the car , two suspicious men , one on the left and the other on the right , sandwiched the male passengers in the middle , one of them trying to cover up the other .
however , they did not know that their every move had long since fallen into the eyes of the civilian police in civilian clothes who had been watching .
while waiting for the man to start stealing , the police officers in civilian clothes kept their eyes fixed on the man who was preparing to steal . they were caught by the investigators at one stroke after they had succeeded in pickpocketing .
Beijing Morning Post reporters saw that the police seized 800 yuan in cash from the suspects .
&quot; they took the money from the passengers &apos; pockets . &quot;
pointing to a torn coat pocket , the policeman said : " they cut this place apart and pickled 800 yuan from a visitor to beijing . when we caught them , the money had just been put into their own pockets . "
the reporter learned that in order to capture the two men , the civilian police in civilian clothes had been following them for an hour and had finally caught them in one fell swoop when they committed the crime .
two suspects are currently being examined by the police .
civilian police in civilian clothes told reporters that the question of who was suspicious in the crowd was very simple for the police .
&quot; when they catch thieves , they discover that their eyes and looks are different from those of ordinary passengers , who , besides staring at their pockets and backpacks , prefer to drill into the crowd rather than run away from people .
police also told reporters that suspects often wait for their cars to have no purpose , like to wander around the station , find the target of the next pickpocketing before they will follow them .
&quot; it &apos;s all empirical , &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;ve been wearing plain clothes for a long time , and we know it . &quot;
in addition , the civilian police also suggested that " it is the most convenient and easy way to steal things in an outer pocket . "
pay attention to your belongings during the ride to prevent theft .
chinanews , beijing , september 30 ( Zhang lin - Hu ) on the 30th , an official micro - letter of the propaganda department of the inner mongolia autonomous region 's Tongliao city CPC committee announced that han baiya , standing committee member and propaganda director of the left - hand central banner committee in Tongliao city , had killed three people .
on the afternoon of 29 september , han baiya , a 52 - year - old member of the central banner committee standing committee and director of propaganda , drove a minibus and a sanitation electric tricycle 1 km south of shengbei road racecourse in the tongliao development zone , killing two people on the spot and seriously injuring one person . he died after being rescued .
it has been learned that Han Bai Yila , the suspect who caused the accident , has been detained by the public security organs for criminal offenses due to dangerous driving after drinking . the Tongliao city discipline inspection commission has intervened in the investigation .
the incident is currently under further investigation .
on 1 october , this reporter learned from the traffic management bureau of the ministry of public security that on the first day of the national day of the holiday , the traffic flow on roads and highways around major cities rose sharply . as of 1700 hours on that day , with the exception of a small number of joint roads where vehicles were still moving slowly , the traffic on highways and national highways was generally stable and orderly . no road accidents involving more than five people were reported across the country .
on the morning of the same day , traffic on roads and highways around major cities rose sharply , and slow queues of vehicles appeared to varying degrees on some sections of roads as well as on some sections of toll stations , service areas , bridges , tunnels , and interchange points due to excessive traffic , road bottlenecks , and scratching accidents . in particular , beijing , Tianjin , the chang Jiang , the pearl river delta , and the shengyu areas were quite conspicuous .
it has been learned that on the first day of the holiday , traffic police throughout the country started their holiday traffic security wartime duties . they put in more than 190,000 police personnel and 70,000 police cars , conducted strict patrol and control , promptly controlled traffic , promptly handled accidents , extensively publicized and guided people , and did everything possible to ensure the safe and smooth operation of the roads on the first day of the holiday .
it is expected that some of the traffic flow into and out of the city 's expressways and national roads will remain at a high level on the 2 nd , while the traffic flow in tourist scenic areas will markedly increase , and traffic congestion and security risks will increase .
British Prime Minister Theresa May on Sunday called on her party to unite behind her Brexit plan , directly calling on critics to support it , saying the free @-@ trade deal they wanted was at the heart of her Brexit plan .
on September 30 , 2018 , British Prime Minister Theresa May went to a Tory meeting in Birmingham , England .
at the start of the Conservative annual meeting , Teresa May &apos;s plans were again criticized by two former cabinet ministers , including former Foreign Secretary Johnson , who called Teresa May &apos;s plans &quot; messy . &quot;
but she also received strong support from other pro @-@ Brexit ministers , who &quot; praised Theresa May as one of the most polite , &quot; and international trade ministers Fox and Hunt , who directed their anger at the European Union .
Theresa May &apos;s already fragile leadership has come under further strain this month , as the European Union has rejected part of the so @-@ called Chex plan .
but Teresa May took a positive view of the consultations , saying she was prepared to consider the EU &apos;s concerns .
&quot; my message to my party is that let &apos;s work together to find the best deal for Britain , &quot; says Teresa May .
former British Foreign Secretary Johnson called Teresa May &apos;s plans &quot; messy &quot; and criticized her for her lack of confidence in Brexit .
he and former Brexit Secretary Davis are pushing for a Canadian @-@ style free @-@ trade agreement with the European Union .
Theresa May said the proposal would allow Northern Ireland to implement different tariff provisions , tantamount to a secession of Northern Ireland from Britain .
six @-@ year interval Tencent welcomes major organisational changes - CITIC Network
Tencent announced on the 30 th that it would officially launch a new round of overall strategic upgrading , and that the organizational structure would usher in a new round of optimization adjustments after a lapse of six years , with reorganization and consolidation based on the original seven enterprise groups ( BG ) , saying that the readjustment would not involve layoffs .
Tencent new six major business groups .
two new business groups emerged after six years of realignment .
it has been learned that the new enterprise group not only maintains the advantages and characteristics of the deep - ploughing vertical field , but also retains the original enterprise development enterprise group ( CDG ) , interactive entertainment enterprise group ( IEG ) , technical engineering enterprise group ( TEG ) , and microtelecommunications enterprise group ( WXG ) . it also focuses on the integration effect , and the newly established cloud and intelligent industry enterprise group ( CSIG ) , platform , and content enterprise group ( PCIG ) .
the reporter noted that Tencent &apos;s original mobile internet business group ( MIG ) and former network media business group ( OMG ) all disappeared , especially OMG , and that the outside world was very well known .
Tencent said the newly created platform and content group , known as the Platform &amp; Content Group , would organically disassemble and reorganize the highly relevant and integrated segments of the former social networking consortium , the former mobile Internet consortium , and the former online media consortium , including social platforms , traffic platforms , digital content , and core technology .
and the new CSIG , or Cloud and Smart Industries Group , will consolidate industry solutions such as Tencent Cloud , Internet + , Smart Retail , Education , Health , Security , and LBS to boost digitization .
Ma huateng , chairman of Tencent 's board of directors and chief executive officer , said that the second half of the internet belongs to the industrial internet . in the first half , Tencent will provide users with high - quality services through connections . in the second half , we will help the industry and consumers form a new and more open connection ecology .
in response to the &quot; layoff &quot; rumor : clear no layoffs .
Tencent released news of the organizational restructuring , there is news that the restructuring will involve layoffs .
Tencent related parties told CNS that " it is clear that this organizational restructuring will not involve layoffs . we will shift the business modules as a whole and combine them before optimizing them . "
Macron urges france to protect french technology for " long stick bread "
chinanews , oct 1 ( Reuters ) - european countries have successively announced their own dietary relics . after Belgian beer and Italian pancakes in Naples , france also plans to apply for breads to be included in the unesco 's list of intangible cultural heritage .
it is understood that the plan is promoted by french president Marc Macron and supported by the french bread and pastry industry union .
they pointed out that much of the breads now on sale were made of large @-@ scale frozen dough with materials other than flour , water , yeast and salt , and that traditional artisanal bakeries were dwindling , in the hope that they would be included in the list to protect the world @-@ renowned French arts .
UNESCO will hold its annual meeting in Mauritius in late November to review the Intangible Cultural Heritage Directory .
five people were killed when an illegal immigrant ship sank off the Aegean Sea in Turkey .
Xinhua news agency , istanbul , september 30 , at least five people were killed when an inflatable ship carrying illegal immigrants capsized in turkey 's Aegean sea area on the same day , a turkish media reported on the 30th .
the inflatable ship , which was due to sank near the Enez area of the northwestern turkey province of Edinay , was destined for an island in Greece for an unknown reason .
at present , the number of illegal immigrants on board the sinking inflatable ship is not clear .
search and rescue operations are continuing as it is estimated that there are still people stranded at sea .
the Aegean Sea was once the preferred route for illegal immigrants to sneak into the Continent via Turkey .
the number of people smuggled through this corridor has been significantly reduced following Turkey &apos;s control of it under an agreement signed with the European Union in March 2016 .
however , since the beginning of this year , the number of stowaways on this channel has rebounded .
American immunologist James Alison and Japanese immunologist Ben Yousun won the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 2018 for discovering cancer treatments that inhibit negative immune regulation at 11 : 30 p.m. local time in Stockholm , Sweden , according to the Nobel Laureate Network .
Japan &apos;s 26 th Nobel laureate , also the fifth Japanese to receive a prize for physiology or medicine , made a remarkable contribution to the treatment of cancer , according to Japanese media reports . he learned of the award in his laboratory .
he was born on january 27 , 1942 , and is a Japanese doctor , medical scientist , foreign academician of the us national academy of sciences , and a member of the Japanese bachelor 's degree institute . he is currently visiting professor at Kyoto university .
we discovered T @-@ cell inhibitor PD @-@ 1 in 1992 and pioneered cancer immunotherapy in 2013 , topping the list of the top ten scientific breakthroughs of the year .
on September 21 , 2016 , he was named &quot; one of the closest Japanese to the Nobel Prize &quot; on the list of citation laureates .
Chinese tourists were beaten at Thai airport : the batterer was sacked from his job as airport president .
chinanews , september 30 ( chinanews ) according to a report by Thailand 's leading news network , the video of chinese citizens being beaten at bangkok 's Langman airport recently aroused widespread attention .
at 2 : 00 p.m . local time on the 29 th , Sulinwa , president of the airport company Langman airport , gave a briefing on the attack on tourists by airport security officers , and expressed deep regret .
on the other hand , it has been learned that Thai deputy prime minister Paolo has attached great importance to the matter , and has ordered the dismissal of the airport staff who caused the accident and the dismissal of the president of Gomann airport .
at the time , the Chinese tourist complained that he had been refused entry , was reluctant to obey regulations and remained in a restricted area for repatriation , and engaged in shoving and physical clashes with security personnel , the airport authorities said .
the airport authority has suspended the security guard .
the incident has already affected Thailand 's tourist image , and the airport of Langman expressed deep regret for the incident . in an effort to make up for the loss , the next airport will convey its deep regret to the chinese tourist involved in the attack through the chinese embassy .
finally , airport president Surinwa said : we still welcome the vast number of chinese tourists to Thailand . we have now provided more help and convenience to chinese tourists entering Thailand , including opening special courtesy passageways for chinese passports at the time of entry . of these , 18 are Suvanapu airport , 21 are Langman airport , and 18 are Phuket airport . Chiang mai airport is open to the public .
Thailand 's top news network learned from the newly appointed director general of Thailand 's national immigration authorities and former deputy director general of Thailand 's tourism police , major general Surakiart , that Thai deputy prime minister Paolo has attached great importance to the matter , ordered the dismissal of the airport personnel who caused the accident , and dismissed and investigated the president of tongman airport .
this newspaper ( internship reporter Li Qiyao ) in recent years , there have been many campus plastic runway failure incidents .
to this end , the Ministry of Education has issued a circular requiring the implementation of the new national standard for surface sports areas of synthetic materials for primary and secondary schools delivered for use after 1 November of this year .
the mandatory national standard , " surface sports ground for synthetic materials in primary and secondary schools , " was drafted by the ministry of education , with the participation of 26 scientific research institutes and testing institutions . after more than two years of revision , more than 100 expert meetings were organized to demonstrate the situation , as well as on - site inspections and sampling tests nationwide , and countless verification experiments were collected for the products of hundreds of enterprises on the market .
compared with the old national standard of 2005 , this reporter discovered that the new national standard has not only changed from the " national recommended standard " to the " national mandatory standard , " but has also added many contents , including requirements for thickness , physical properties , aging resistance , inorganic filler content , anti - skid granule polymer content , limit for harmful substances in finished surface products , and limit for non - solid and solid raw materials .
in particular , the new national standard limits the number of hazardous substances that may be produced in the construction of plastic runways on campus , from 7 to 18 , and regulates the amount of volatile organic substances in the runway after completion in accordance with the home installation standards .
if the Harmful Substances Limits and odour Requirements for Setting @-@ in @-@ Plate and Prefabricated Surface Products clearly provide for the release of hazardous substances , the total volatile organic compounds shall not exceed 5 mg / m3 , formaldehyde shall not exceed 0.4 mg / m3 , carbon sulfide shall not exceed 7 mg / m3 , benzene shall not exceed 0.1 mg / m3 and the odour level shall not exceed 3 .
the new national standard also makes detailed stipulations on sampling requirements , inspection rules and adjudication rules for plastic runways in primary and secondary schools .
in addition , the campus artificial turf also included the national standard mandatory testing scope for the first time .
in the near future , all localities should carry out special work arrangements for the implementation of the new national standards , and report the implementation of the new national standards to the department of physical health and arts education of the ministry of education within the year .
chengdu , september 30 ( Wang yu ) on the afternoon of the 30 th , the 2018 women 's table tennis world cup finals staged the " national table tennis civil war . "
in the end , Grand slam winner Ding Ning 4 : 0 Rick home game teammate Zhu Yueling , after four years , again won the championship of the women &apos;s table tennis world cup , which is the 21st time that Chinese women won the championship of the event .
Ding Ning and Zhu Yueling are both teammates and friends , and both sides are quite familiar with each other &apos;s skills and tactics .
both sides followed suit , both in preparation and in preparation for the game .
entering the final , the two agreed that they had completed the task .
however , the contest between ding ning and zhu yueling in the competition can be described as a swordsmanship .
in the first set , Ding Ning , who had the most experience in the competition , led by 3 : 1 , and Zhu Yueling followed up the score by using Ding Ning &apos;s mistakes .
then zhu yuling 's errors in the offensive began to increase , and ding ning seized the opportunity to lead by 3 : 9 : 5 in a row and took the lead in winning the situation by 10 : 6 .
although Zhu Yueling chased three points at a time , Ding Ning still used the serve to get the first game at 11 : 9 .
in the second set , Zhu Yu @-@ ling &apos;s mistake remained high , with Tingning taking advantage of its 6 : 1 lead .
Zhu Yueling , who lagged behind at 2 : 7 , scored 2 points by changing her rhythm and then used her attack to chase the score to 8 : 9 .
at the crucial moment , Tinning scored 2 points 11 : 8 to win another game .
in the third set , the two began to bite more tightly into 3 : 3 level .
Tingning then lost three more points in the attack , but she then used the sharp attack to score three points to score six points .
Zhu Yueling scored 2 points to re - establish the advantage , and took the lead in getting the situation by 10 : 8 .
but Tingning was so fierce that he won the third set at 12 : 10 after scoring four points .
in the fourth set , zhu yuling took the lead by 4 : 2 .
since then , however , Tingning has shown an extremely strong offensive position , scoring 4 points at a time to stop Zhu Yueling .
after a pause , Zhu Yueling recovered some of the status , gradually chasing the score to 8 : 8 level .
at the crucial moment , Tingning had no soft hands and scored 2 points in a row to get the match .
with Zhu Yueling back out of the game , Tingning 4 : 0 sweep the opponents to win the championship .
last month , Tingning came to Chengdu after winning her 14 @-@ month @-@ old championship title in the Bulgarian Open , even though she said before the match that she had not set a goal for the race and that she had finished the semifinals in the morning by saying she had completed her task .
Tingning finally beat teammate Zhu Yueling to win her third World Cup title , and she was satisfied with her performance : &quot; a championship is important to every athlete .
I did not think of this before the game , just said a game to fight , the final play itself is very satisfactory . "
Chu Yueling , who fought at home , won a silver medal and failed to achieve her goal of defending the crown . on the question of whether the enthusiastic spectators at home would exert invisible pressure on themselves , she said : " I think i can handle the whole game in terms of pressure . today tinning played very well , so i have not yet found a rhythm . "
to activate rural consumption , we should rely on the normal mechanism to purify the market , guide the demand for healthy consumption , and enhance the sense of peasants ' consumption .
the figures show that the consumption potential of rural residents has been continuously released , with retail sales of rural consumer goods growing by 10.5 percent in the first half of this year , 1.3 percentage points higher than in cities and towns .
during a visit to a impoverished village in a certain county in western china , there was only one convenience store in the village . when entering the store , some commodities seemed to have known each other before . " goldfish " was marked as " golden dragon oil " and " wangtsai " became " strong milk " and " shanzhai " commodities .
over the past few years , similar phenomena have frequently come to light . some rural fake and inferior commodities have similar names and similar packaging .
according to a consumer survey released by a city in the western region , the problem of over - counterfeiting in rural areas is serious , with 66 percent of users buying fake goods in supermarkets under the township line , of which more than half have food products .
the departments concerned are trying to improve the rural market . why is it that " li ghosts " continue to fight year after year ?
unlike the urban market , peasants ' awareness of protecting their rights and interests is relatively weak . in addition , many rural areas are remote and are in blind areas beyond the reach of the supervisory forces . this has given rise to a breeding ground for fake and inferior commodities .
a commodity with many heads , some departments with prices , some departments with production , some with markets , some with overlapping functions , and some with annual holidays . a gust of wind has been concentrated on the management of fake goods , and the fakes have gradually emerged . just after the old ones were finished , new ones have emerged .
in the absence of a long - term supervision and control mechanism , it is difficult to purify the rural market , the cost of violating the law is low , and the benefits are large . as a result , some illegal merchants and sellers have set up crooked ideas of " going up to the mountains and going down to the countryside , " and some rural areas have become " extinct markets . "
from subsistence to well - off , the broad masses of farmers are moving toward development - oriented consumption .
a few days ago , the CPC central committee and the state council issued " some opinions on perfecting the mechanism for promoting the consumption system and further arousing the consumption potential of the residents , " which proposed promoting the upgrading of the consumption ladder of the rural residents , with the aim of enabling the broad masses of peasants to " consume " " willing to " consume " and " dare to consume " so that rural consumption can really flourish .
on the one hand , it is necessary to deepen reform , eliminate the malpractice of multiple administrative departments and multiple management of the market , and improve the food safety and product quality supervision network in light of local conditions , so as to continuously reduce the space for making and selling fake products in rural areas .
on the other hand , it is necessary to intensify law enforcement , open up and supervise " capillaries , " and never allow fake and inferior products to breed and spread in rural areas .
severely punishing the peasants in the pit is the only way to protect the peasants . no matter how hidden the counterfeiters hide , they should not be the reason for the breeding of fake and inferior commodities . the relevant departments should clearly define their duties and responsibilities . the grass - roots supervision and control forces should sink . if any link goes wrong , they should be held accountable , so that the counterfeiters and sellers will have no place to hide .
we must strictly close market access , strictly examine the qualifications of production and business operators , control the circulation of the market , let the products come and go straight and clear , and find ways and means at the source and at the root to enable legitimate dealers to operate in peace of mind and reassure peasants to buy them .
activate rural consumption and guide the demand for healthy consumption .
along with the upgrading of consumption , many peasants not only seek to eat enough and eat well , but also pursue high - quality life , such as culture and health , so that they cannot compare the rural market with " low - quality " and " cheap " paintings .
this requires promoting the extension of e - commerce to the vast number of rural areas , opening up two - way sales channels between urban and rural areas , promoting the integration of off - line industrial development platforms and on - line electronic commerce trading platforms , supporting the development of new consumption business models into rural markets , promoting the organic integration of commercial and commercial logistics with leisure agriculture , rural tourism , and product processing , and so on , improving the modern rural circulation network system , optimizing the integration of stock resources , and effectively reducing the cost of rural circulation .
to create a clear and reassuring market environment for the rural areas , so that farmers do not worry about spending , rural consumption will become more and more prosperous , can enhance the sense of access to and happiness of farmers .
China will lower its MFN tariff rate on some goods from november 1 , and the total tariff level will be reduced to 7.5 percent
according to the decision of the 26th executive meeting of the state council , the state council 's tariff rules committee issued a notice on 30 november to lower the most - favored nation [ MFN ] tariff rate for some commodities from 1 november 2018 .
according to the " notice of the state council 's tariff committee on reducing import tariffs on some commodities , " in order to meet the needs of industrial upgrading , reducing enterprise costs , and satisfying the multi-level consumption of the masses , the MFN rate for some industrial products and other commodities will be lowered from 1 november this year .
there are 1,585 tax items , accounting for about 19 percent of china 's total tax items , and the average tax rate has dropped from 10.5 percent to 7.8 percent , an average decrease of 26 percent .
the reduction mainly covers textiles ; stone , ceramics , glass products ; some iron and steel and base metal products ; electrical and mechanical equipment and parts such as metalworking machinery , textile machinery , engineering machinery , transmission equipment , electrical equipment , instruments and instruments ; and resource - oriented commodities and primary processing products such as non - metallic mines , inorganic chemicals , wood and paper products , and precious jade .
at the same time , with the lowering of the overall tariff level , especially the import tariffs on pharmaceuticals and consumer goods , the tariff rates on imports of imported goods will be lowered accordingly .
in order to implement the policy decisions and arrangements of the CPC central committee and the state council , china has imposed zero tariffs on the vast majority of imported pharmaceuticals since 1 may this year , lowered import tariffs on automobiles , parts and components , and some consumer goods for daily use since 1 july , and implemented the third step of lowering taxes on information technology [ it ] agreement extension products .
the reporter learned from the state council 's customs and excise commission that since the beginning of this year , china 's total tariff level will drop from 9.8 percent in 1999 to 7.5 percent , an average reduction of 23 percent .
appropriately lowering tariffs is conducive to promoting the balanced development of foreign trade and promoting a higher level of opening up to the outside world . it is also conducive to making overall use of both international and domestic resources and promoting domestic supply - side structural reform .
a responsible person of the committee said : this year marks the 40th anniversary of reform and opening up . the initiative to lower the general level of tariffs is a practical action to implement the spirit of general secretary xi Jinping 's important speech at the Boao forum for asia . it is also an important measure for china to further open up to the outside world and take the initiative to expand imports in light of its own high - quality development needs . this action and measure shows that china will unswervingly pursue a win - win opening strategy for mutual benefit . while strengthening its own development momentum , it will also enable china to better benefit the world .
on 29 september , a regional public branding conference for agricultural products was held in the Nankai district of Tianjin city .
Red Army millet , black beans , mountain boy goat herding , hard buckwheat tea , paper @-@ cut leather album , pure hand slippers . . . . . . . well @-@ packed agricultural products neatly placed on the stand , they have a common brand name called &quot; the townsman . &quot;
" building a regional brand of ' huanxiang people ' has effectively solved the bottleneck of the development of agricultural products in huanxian county , which is " many but scattered , small , and weak , " and has also become a powerful carrier for tackling tough problems in poverty . " on 29 august , a regional public branding conference for agricultural products sponsored by huanxiang people was held in Nankai district , Tianjin city .
located at the junction of the three provinces and regions of Shaanxi Ganning , huanxian county has a long history and is rich in resources as a " advanced county in national grain production " and a " small grocery town in china " .
lamb , yellow rice wine , buckwheat chopped noodles , swallow noodles and other local snacks are often remembered by tourists in other places .
as China &apos;s urbanization level continues to rise and the urban population grows rapidly , a large number of young rural people leave their hometowns and begin to live in cities .
Yang Qiaojia , an expert in agricultural brand research in china , said : " nowadays , urban life is fast and stressful , and more and more people are beginning to miss rural life when they were young . however , " hometown is the most beautiful place to remember , " and the brand design of " huanxiang people " is named after the hometown and hometown worries of people in wandering counties . "
circular County special climatic conditions , long sunshine time , large temperature difference day and night , characteristics of small grocery planting conditions are unique .
China is home to more than 20 kinds of small miscellaneous grains , with the highest output in Gansu and the highest quality in the country .
Wang xiaoli , a girl from huanxian county who studied in Tianjin , attended the promotion meeting as a volunteer . she said : " hometown people are the kindest and hometown people are the most beautiful . the ' huanxiang people ' brand has evoked too much homesickness , memories , and yearning for food . we hope that the ' huanxiang people ' brand will go farther and bigger . "
according to Dr. tan bin , a researcher at the scientific research institute of the state grain and material reserve bureau , through testing more than 900 sets of indicator data , agricultural products such as buckwheat , tarry buckwheat , and black beans in huanxian county have outstanding advantages in terms of testing data , and the contents of many physiological active substances in miscellaneous grain are higher than the standard data . " huanxiang people " have the inherent advantage of grabbing the high - end grocery market in china .
Qi chun , secretary of the huanxian county CPC committee , said : through the publication of the " huanxiang people 's " brand , we can further improve the quality , standardization , and scale of innovation and development of high - quality agricultural products in huanxian county . this will help shape a good overall image of agricultural products in huanxian county and rapidly raise their visibility , competitiveness , and added value .
Canada &apos;s higher @-@ than @-@ expected 0.2 per cent growth in gross domestic product ( GDP ) in July than it had been a month earlier warmed expectations that the central bank of Canada would raise interest rates next month .
if it did , it would be the fifth rate hike by the central bank in a little over a year .
analysts interviewed by Reuters had previously predicted a 0.1 per cent growth rate .
statistics Canada said Friday that 12 out of 20 industries are growing .
the figure is worth noting because the central bank predicted earlier this month that temporary factors could drag down third @-@ quarter GDP figures .
Canadian central bank chief Boroz pledged Thursday that the central bank would continue to raise interest rates gradually and would pay close attention to economic data .
the Bank of Canada &apos;s next rate decision will be announced on October 24 .
with Canada &apos;s economy strengthening and unemployment near record lows , the Central Bank of Canada has raised interest rates four times since July 2017 .
Stephen Brown , a senior Canadian economist at CIC Macro , says the country &apos;s third @-@ quarter annual GDP growth rate is expected to reach about 2 per cent .
&quot; this will be higher than the 1.5 per cent expected by the Bank of Canada and will therefore be another reason to expect a rate hike by the Bank of Canada next month , &quot; he said in a report .
the overnight index swap showed that the market forecast for the central bank of canada to raise interest rates in october rose from 76.46 percent to 78.27 percent .
South korea 's first joint inspection tour to Haikou in 65 years
South korea 's ministry of national defense confirmed on the 5 th that south korea and north korea launched a joint inspection tour into the Haikou waters of the han and linjin rivers on the same day .
the initiative is a preliminary preparation for guaranteeing the free navigation of civilian vessels on both sides .
according to a news briefing given to the media on the same day by the rok defense ministry , this was the first joint inspection of the Haikou port of the han Jiang since the signing of the Korean war armistice agreement in 1953 .
the rok and the DPRK signed a military agreement in september this year , agreeing to jointly inspect the Hanjiang estuary and other waters from november to ensure environmental protection and develop tourism in the waters in the future .
in october , the rok and the DPRK made plans for a joint inspection of the waters at the general - level meeting .
on 5 november , a joint inspection tour of the waters of the rok and the DPRK officially started .
the joint study group was composed of 20 military personnel and experts from the rok and the DPRK .
according to the rok ministry of national defense , during the inspection , the personnel of both sides did not carry weapons and prohibited the use of words and deeds to stimulate the other side .
&quot; since there was no military demarcation line near the mouth of the sea , the area used to be a high @-@ incidence area , but through joint expeditions it will be transformed into a new zone of peace in the future . &quot;
the waters jointly inspected by south korea and north korea totaled about 70 kilometers , with a total area of about 280 square kilometers .
the ministry of national defense said that the rok will send six research boats to explore the depth of the sea to provide basic information for the safe navigation of the waters , and will provide navigational maps for the movement of civilian vessels after the survey is completed .
South Korea and the Democratic People &apos;s Republic of Korea held a summit meeting in Pyongyang in October 2007 to reach an agreement on the joint use of the Han and Linjin rivers at the mouth of the sea , but subsequent talks were stalled because of tensions on the peninsula .
according to a military agreement signed by south korea and north korea in september , vessels from both sides will need to inform each other in advance before sailing in common waters in the future .
chinanews , Nov. 5 - chinese citizens Guo yuqin and Mao ronxin lost links during their trip to mongolia , according to the website of the chinese embassy in mongolia on november 4 .
it was learned that the two men were members of the blue sky rescue team . on 19 october , the two men contacted relatives and friends in the country , saying that they would soon explore the mountains near lake kuskur and share their positions through micromail . they have since lost contact and are suspected to have gone to no one 's land .
the Chinese Embassy in Mongolia has always attached great importance to the protection of the legitimate rights and security of Chinese citizens in Mongolia and to consular protection and assistance .
upon learning of the loss of the two tourists mentioned above , the embassy immediately started to receive emergency plans to seize the golden rescue time and make every effort to carry out its work .
the Embassy maintained close communication with the families of the persons concerned , assisted them in reporting the cases immediately to the Mongolian police , and provided them with a list of interpreters to choose from .
the embassy immediately met with the responsible persons of the Mongolian Ministry of External Relations , the General Police Department and the General Emergency Department to brief them on the situation , and asked the Mongolian side to conduct a search and rescue operation as soon as possible , and to maintain close communication with the Mongolian side throughout the search and rescue process to ensure that the latest progress is kept abreast of in a timely manner .
at the same time , the embassy assisted families in mongolia in publicizing the search notices , extensively mobilized overseas chinese in mongolia and chinese - funded enterprises to actively participate in the search , provided effective clues , and provided relevant assistance to a number of blue sky rescue team members who went to mongolia to assist in the rescue .
under the strong impetus of the embassy , the Mongolian side dispatched rescue teams as soon as possible and promised to waive the search and rescue fees .
the Mongol Police Directorate and the Emergency Department instructed the police and the Emergency Department of the province of Kousugur to conduct a full search and rescue operation .
due to the fact that Lake Kusuguru is located in the northern part of Mongolia at the border with Russia . it is located in a remote and sparsely populated area . transportation and communications are extremely difficult . at present , Mongolia has entered a severe winter with temperatures as low as about 20 degrees below zero . local police and emergency departments have overcome enormous difficulties and mobilized almost all police forces . they have also mobilized local herdsmen to carry out a wide range of ground search and rescue operations around the disconnected location of the two men for several days .
at the same time , in response to the special situation of the pastoral areas , the Mongol side has been broadcasting circular notices for many days .
domestic Blue Sky Rescue Team has also come to Mongolia to participate actively in the rescue .
the safety of the two disconnected personnel has always struck our hearts .
it has been more than 10 days since the two men lost their connection , and the embassy has successively received some clues , but they have not yet been located . at present , the search and rescue operation is still going on intensively .
in keeping with the principle of " putting people first , " the embassy will continue to pay attention to this matter , urge the Mongolian side to continue to make full efforts to search and rescue , and provide maximum assistance to the families of the people concerned .
the embassy calls on compatriots and enterprises in mongolia to contact the chinese embassy in mongolia as soon as possible if they have relevant clues .
